---
title: Microsoft Edge 135 web platform release notes (Apr. 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 135 web platform release notes (Apr. 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 03/06/2025
---
# Microsoft Edge 135 web platform release notes (Apr. 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 135, which releases on April 3, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download an Insiders version of Microsoft Edge, such as Canary, Dev, or Beta; see [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://aka.ms/microsoftedge).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [Enabled features](#enabled-features)
    * [`:has-slotted` pseudo selector](#has-slotted-pseudo-selector)
    * [Add MediaStreamTrack support to the Web Speech API](#add-mediastreamtrack-support-to-the-web-speech-api)
    * [Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation](#blob-url-partitioning-fetching-navigation)
    * [CSP require-sri-for for scripts](#csp-require-sri-for-for-scripts)
    * [CSS Inertness](#css-inertness)
    * [CSS Logical Overflow](#css-logical-overflow)
    * [CSS caret-animation property](#css-caret-animation-property)
    * [CSS dynamic-range-limit property](#css-dynamic-range-limit-property)
    * [CSS shape() function](#css-shape-function)
    * [Create service worker client and inherit service worker controller for srcdoc iframe](#create-service-worker-client-and-inherit-service-worker-controller-for-srcdoc-iframe)
    * [Dispatching click events to captured pointer](#dispatching-click-events-to-captured-pointer)
    * [Float16Array](#float16array)
    * [Incorporating navigation initiator into the HTTP cache partition key](#incorporating-navigation-initiator-into-the-http-cache-partition-key)
    * [Invoker Commands; the command and commandfor attributes](#invoker-commands-the-command-and-commandfor-attributes)
    * [Link `rel=facilitated-payment` to support push payments](#link-rel-facilitated-payment-to-support-push-payments)
    * [NavigateEvent sourceElement](#navigateevent-sourceelement)
    * [Observable API](#observable-api)
    * [On-device Web Speech API](#on-device-web-speech-api)
    * [Partitioning `:visited` links history](#partitioning-visited-links-history)
    * [Service Worker client URL ignore `history.pushState` changes](#service-worker-client-url-ignore-history-pushstate-changes)
    * [Timestamps for RTC Encoded Frames](#timestamps-for-rtc-encoded-frames)
    * [Update ProgressEvent to use double type for &#39;loaded&#39; and &#39;total&#39;](#update-progressevent-to-use-double-type-for-loaded-and-total)
    * [fetchLater API](#fetchlater-api)
    * [highlightsFromPoint API](#highlightsfrompoint-api)
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    * [Deprecate getters of Intl Locale Info](#deprecate-getters-of-intl-locale-info)
    * [Remove deprecated navigator.xr.supportsSession method](#remove-deprecated-navigator-xr-supportssession-method)
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

For Edge DevTools, see [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/whats-new.md).


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

For WebView2, see [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabled features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS carousel widget: `::column` pseudo-element

The `::column` CSS pseudo-element represents the individual columns in a multi-column container, which can be styled with a limited amount of CSS properties and can be snapped to by its scrolling container, using `::scroll-marker` pseudo-elements.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS carousel widget: `::scroll-marker` and `::scroll-marker-groups` pseudo-elements

The `::scroll-marker` and `::scroll-markers-group` pseudo-elements allow to create a set of focusable markers within a scroll container, used to snap the scroll container to specific positions.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS carousel widget: `::scroll-button()` pseudo-element

The `::scroll-button()` pseudo-element allows to create scroll buttons as pseudo-elements of a scroll containers. The scroll buttons are used to scroll the container in the direction of the button when activated.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Nested pseudo-elements styling

Pseudo-elements that are nested inside other pseudo-elements can now be styled. So far, `::before::marker` and `::after::marker` are supported. Support for `::column::scroll-marker` will be added in the future.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Add MediaStreamTrack support to the Web Speech API

The Web Speech API is a web standard API that allows developers to incorporate speech recognition and synthesis into their web pages. Currently, the Web Speech API uses the user's default microphone as the audio input. MediaStreamTrack support allows websites to use the Web Speech API to caption other sources of audio including remote audio tracks.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation

Blob URL access is now partitioned by storage key. Storage keys are top-level sites, frame origins, and the has-cross-site-ancestor boolean. Top-level navigations remain partitioned only by frame origin. This behavior is similar to what's currently implemented by both Firefox and Safari, and aligns Blob URL usage with the partitioning scheme used by other storage APIs as part of Storage Partitioning.

In addition, Edge now enforce noopener on renderer-initiated top-level navigations to Blob URLs where the corresponding site is cross-site to the top-level site performing the navigation. This aligns with similar behavior in Safari and with the corresponding specifications.

This change can be temporarily reverted by setting the `PartitionedBlobUrlUsage` policy. If this policy is set to `Enabled` or not set, Blob URLs are partitioned. If this policy is set to `Disabled`, Blob URLs are not partitioned.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSP `require-sri-for` for scripts

The `require-sri-for` directive, and its `script` value, give developers the ability to assert that every resource of a given type needs to be checked for integrity. If a resource of that type is attempted to be loaded without integrity metadata, that attempt will fail and trigger a CSP violation report.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `interactivity` property

The CSS `interactivity` property specifies whether an element and its flat tree descendants (including text runs) are inert or not. Making an element inert affects whether it can be focused, edited, selected, and searchable by find-in-page. It also affects whether it is visible in the accessibility tree.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS logical overflow properties

The `overflow-inline` and `overflow-block` CSS properties allow setting overflow in inline and block direction relative to the writing-mode. In a horizontal writing-mode `overflow-inline` maps to `overflow-x`, while in a vertical writing-mode it maps to `overflow-y`.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `abs()` and `sign()` functions

The `abs(A)` function returns the absolute value of A, as the same type as the input. The `sign(A)` function returns `-1` if A's numeric value is negative, `+1` if A's numeric value is positive, `0` otherwise. The return type is a `<number>`.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS anchor positioning: remembered scroll offset

When a positioned element has a default anchor, and is tethered to this anchor at one edge, and against the original containing block at the other edge, the scroll offset will be taken into account when it comes to sizing the element. This way a developer can use all visible space (using `position-area`) for the anchored element when the document is scrolled at a given scroll offset.

In order to avoid resizing the element every time the document is scrolled, the "remembered scroll offset" concept is used, rather than always using the current scroll offset.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `dynamic-range-limit` property

The `dynamic-range-limit` CSS property allows to limit the maximum brightness of HDR content.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `shape()` function

The `shape()` CSS function allows using free-form and responsive shapes in the `clip-path` property.

You can define a series of verbs, equivalent to the verbs in the `path()` function, and use responsive units, such as `%` or `vw`, as well as any CSS values such as custom properties.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `progress()` functions

The `progress()`, `media-progress()`, and `container-progress()` functions represent the proportional distance of a given value (the progress value) from one value (the progress start value) to another value (the progress end value). They allow drawing a progress ratio from math functions, media features, and container features, respectively.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Create service worker client and inherit service worker controller for iframe with `srcdoc`

Documents created by iframes that use the `srcdoc` attribute are now service worker clients that are covered by their parent's service worker.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Dispatching click events to captured pointer

If a pointer is captured while the `pointerup` event is being dispatched, the `click` event is dispatched to the captured target instead of the nearest common ancestor of `pointerdown` and `pointerup` events.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Float16Array

This adds support for the Float16Array typed array. Number values are rounded to half-precision float-point format (IEEE FP16) when writing into Float16Array instances.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### HSTS tracking prevention

Mitigates user tracking by third-parties via the HSTS cache.

This feature only allows HSTS upgrades for top-level navigations and blocks HSTS upgrades for sub-resource requests. Doing so makes it infeasible for third-party sites to use the HSTS cache in order to track users across the web.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `command` and `commandfor` HTML attributes

The `command` and `commandfor` HTML attributes for `<button>` elements allow you to assign behaviour to buttons in an accessible and declarative way, while reducing the amount of JavaScript pages are required to ship for interactivity. Whe clicked, touched, or activated via keypress, a button with the `commandfor` and `command` attributes dispatches a `CommandEvent` on the element referenced by `commandfor`, with some default behaviours such as opening dialogs and popovers.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Incorporating navigation initiator into the HTTP cache partition key

Chrome’s HTTP cache keying scheme will be updated to include an “is-cross-site-main-frame-navigation” boolean to mitigate cross-site leak attacks involving top-level navigation. Specifically, this will prevent cross-site attacks in which an attacker can initiate a top-level navigation to a given page and then navigate to a resource known to be loaded by the page in order to infer sensitive information via load timing. This change also improves privacy by preventing a malicious site from using navigations to infer whether a user has visited a given site previously.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Link `rel=facilitated-payment` to support push payments

The `<link rel="facilitated-payment" href="...">` element acts as a hint that the browser uses to notify registered payment clients about a pending push payment.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `sourceElement` property for `NavigateEvent`

When a page navigation is initiated by an element, for example when the user clicks a link or submits a form, the resulting `NavigateEvent` now has a `sourceElement` property which points to the initiating element.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### NotRestoredReasons API reason name change

NotRestoredReasons API has been launched as part of PerformanceNavigationTiming API.

This PR specified the names of the reasons that User Agents can choose to expose. 
https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/10154

This entry is about chromium changing the names of the reasons so that they match the ones specified.

List of changes:
"extension-messaging", "pending-permission-request", "not-main-frame", "frame-navigating", "timeout", "cookie-disabled", "cookie-removed", "printing", "web-database", "injected-javascript", "injected-stylesheet" -> "masked"
"response-method-not-get"->"request-method-not-get"
"serviceworker-version-activation" -> "serviceworker-version-activated"
"serviceworker-added-after-bfcache" -> "serviceworker-added"
"serviceworker-unregistration" -> "serviceworker-unregistered"
"unload-handler" -> "unload-listener"
"session-restored" -> null



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Observable API

Observables are a popular reactive-programming paradigm to handle an asynchronous stream of push-based events. They can be thought of as Promises but for multiple events, and aim to do what Promises did for callbacks/nesting. That is, they allow ergonomic event handling by providing an Observable object that represents the asynchronous flow of events.

You can "subscribe" to this object to receive events as they come in, and call any of its operators/combinators to declaratively describe the flow of transformations through which events go. This is in contrast with the imperative version, which often requires complicated nesting with things like `addEventListener()`. For more on this, see the examples in the explainer.

The big selling point for native Observables is their integration with EventTarget — its proposed `when()` method that returns an Observable which is a "better" `addEventListener()`.

See https://github.com/WICG/observable and https://twitter.com/domfarolino/status/1684921351004430336.

See the spec https://wicg.github.io/observable/ and the design doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NEobxgiQO-fTSocxJBqcOOOVZRmXcTFg9Iqrhebb7bg/edit.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Partitioning :visited links history

To eliminate user browsing history leaks, anchor elements are styled as :visited only if they have been clicked from this top-level site and frame origin before. On the browser-side, this means that the VisitedLinks hashtable is now partitioned via "triple-keying", or by storing the following for each visited link: <link URL, top-level site, frame origin>. By only styling links that have been clicked on this site and frame before, the many side-channel attacks that have been developed to obtain :visited links styling information are now obsolete, as they no longer provide sites with new information about users. 

There is an exception for "self-links", where links to a site's own pages can be styled as :visited even if they have not been clicked on in this exact top-level site and frame origin before. This exemption is only enabled in top-level frames or subframes which are same-origin with the top-level frame. The privacy benefits above are still achieved because sites already know which of its subpages a user has visited, so no new information is exposed. This was a community-requested exception which improves user experience as well.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Service Worker client URL ignore history.pushState changes

Modify the service worker Client.url property to ignore document URL changes via history.pushState() and other similar history APIs. The Client.url property is intended to be the creation URL of the HTML document which ignores such changes.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support rel / relList attributes for SVGAElement

The SVGAElement interface in SVG 2.0 allows manipulation of <a> elements similar to HTML anchor elements. Supporting the rel and relList attributes enhances security and privacy for developers. This alignment with HTML anchor elements ensures consistency and ease of use across web technologies.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Timestamps for RTC Encoded Frames

This feature consists in exposing to the Web some timestamps that are present in WebRTC encoded frames transmitted via RTCPeerConnection.
The timestamps in question are:
-Capture timestamp: the timestamp when a frame was originally captured
-Receive timestamp: the timestamp when a frame was received



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Update ProgressEvent to use double type for &#39;loaded&#39; and &#39;total&#39;

The ProgressEvent has attributes `loaded` and `total` indicating the progress, and their type is `unsigned long long` now.

With this feature, the type for these two attributes is changed to `double` instead, which gives the developer more control over the value. For example, the developers can now create a ProgressEvent with the `total` of 1 and the `loaded` increasing from 0 to 1 gradually. This is aligned with the default behavior of the <progress> HTML element if the max attribute is omitted. 


<!-- ---------- -->
###### fetchLater API

fetchLater() is a JavaScript API to request a deferred fetch. Once called in a document, a deferred request is queued by the browser in the PENDING state, and will be invoked by the earliest of the following conditions:

* The document is destroyed.
* After a user-specified time. For privacy reason, all pending requests will be flushed upon document entering bfcache no matter how much time is left.
* Browser decides it's time to send it.

The API returns a FetchLaterResult that contains a boolean field "activated" that may be updated to tell whether the deferred request has been sent out or not. On successful sending, the whole response will be ignored by browser, including body and headers. Nothing at all should be processed or updated, as the page may have already be gone.

Note that from the point of view of the API user, the exact send time is unknown.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### highlightsFromPoint API

The highlightsFromPoint API enables developers to interact with custom highlights by detecting which highlights exist at a specific point within a document. This interactivity is valuable for complex web features where multiple highlights may overlap or exist within shadow DOM. By providing precise point-based highlight detection, the API empowers developers to manage dynamic interactions with custom highlights more effectively, such as responding to user clicks or hover events on highlighted regions to trigger custom tooltips, context menus, or other interactive features. 


<!-- ---------- -->
###### safe-area-max-inset-* variables

In https://chromestatus.com/feature/5174306712322048 we've added dynamic safe area insets which can change as the user interacts with the device. This proposal amends the general safe area feature to add max-area-safe-inset-* variants of the variables which do not change and represent the maximum possible safe area inset.

The use case this solves is to avoid needing to relayout the page in cases where the footer (for example) can simply slide as the safe area inset value grows, as opposed to changing size. 


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Deprecate getters of Intl Locale Info

Intl Locale Info API is a Stage 3 ECMAScript TC39 proposal to enhance the Intl.Locale object by exposing Locale information, such as week data (first day in a week, weekend start day, weekend end day, minimun day in the first week), and text direction hour cycle used in the locale.
https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale-info

We ship our implementation in m99 (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5566859262820352 ) . But later on the propose made some change in Stage 3 and move several getters to functions. We need to remove the deprecated getters and relaunch the renamed functions



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Remove deprecated navigator.xr.supportsSession method

navigator.xr.supportsSession was replaced in the WebXR spec by the navigator.xr.isSessionSupported method in September of 2019 after receiving feedback on the API shape from the TAG. It has been marked as deprecated in Chromium since then, producing a console warning redirecting developers to the updated API.

Usage of the call is very low, as shown here: https://chromestatus.com/metrics/feature/timeline/popularity/2416 Additionally, all major frameworks that are used to build WebXR content have been confirmed to have been updated to use the newer call.



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Remove WebGPU limit maxInterStageShaderComponents

The maxInterStageShaderComponents limit is being removed due to a combination of factors:
- Redundancy with maxInterStageShaderVariables: This limit already serves a similar purpose, controlling the amount of data passed between shader stages.
- Minor Discrepancies: While there are slight differences in how the two limits are calculated, these differences are minor and can be effectively managed within the maxInterStageShaderVariables limit.
- Simplification: Removing maxInterStageShaderComponents streamlines the shader interface and reduces complexity for developers.  Instead of managing two separate limits (that both apply simultaneously but with subtle differences), they can focus on the more appropriately named and comprehensive maxInterStageShaderVariables.

https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/pull/4783


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time. To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md). To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Digital Goods API

Expires on March 31, 2025.

The Digital Goods API allows web applications to get information about their digital products and their user’s purchases managed by a digital store. The user agent abstracts connections to the store and the Payment Request API is used to make purchases.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/PwaDigitalGoods/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Digital+Goods%20API,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BDigital%20Goods%20API%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4b4a9ead-d912-4349-87b3-25e5e50b4f13)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web App LocalFolder Access

Expires on March 31, 2025.

Allows Microsoft Store-installed PWA&#39;s to access file content previously stored in the WinRT ApplicationData.LocalFolder folder by an earlier UWP version of the application.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/LocalFolder/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=LocalFolder+Access,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BLocalFolder%20Access%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/2b21a8cd-43aa-41da-810d-fad103e699dc)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### HTML+IDL handwriting attribute

Expires on June 14, 2025.

Granular per-document and per-element control over which content should (dis)allow handwriting input.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Handwriting/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Handwriting,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BHandwriting%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/36b56357-0271-4e89-a091-3be27184808a)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Acquisition Info API

Expires on June 30, 2025.

Support 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
