---
title: Microsoft Edge 136 web platform release notes (May 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 136 web platform release notes (May 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 03/31/2025
---
# Microsoft Edge 136 web platform release notes (May 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 136, which releases on May 1, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download an Insiders version of Microsoft Edge, such as Canary, Dev, or Beta; see [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://aka.ms/microsoftedge).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [CSS features](#css-features)
    * [Auto-generated view transition names](#auto-generated-view-transition-names)
    * [CSS `stretch` sizing keyword](#css-stretch-sizing-keyword)
    * [CSS `dynamic-range-limit` property](#css-dynamic-range-limit-property)
    * [Ignore `letter-spacing` in cursive scripts](#ignore-letter-spacing-in-cursive-scripts)
    * [Change the `string` CSS type in the `attr()` function to `raw-string`](#change-the-string-css-type-in-the-attr-function-to-raw-string)
    * [Type-agnostic `var()` fallback](#type-agnostic-var-fallback)
    * [Unprefixed `print-color-adjust`](#unprefixed-print-color-adjust)
    * [Fluent scrollbars](#fluent-scrollbars)
  * [Web APIs](#web-apis)
    * [AudioContext `interrupted` state](#audiocontext-interrupted-state)
    * [Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation](#blob-url-partitioning-fetchingnavigation)
    * [Partitioning `:visited` links history](#partitioning-visited-links-history)
    * [Navigation initiator used in the HTTP cache partition key](#navigation-initiator-used-in-the-http-cache-partition-key)
    * [CSP `require-sri-for` for scripts](#csp-require-sri-for-for-scripts)
    * [Call stacks in crash reports from unresponsive web pages](#call-stacks-in-crash-reports-from-unresponsive-web-pages)
    * [Captured surface control](#captured-surface-control)
    * [Captured surface resolution](#captured-surface-resolution)
    * [Dispatching click events to captured pointer](#dispatching-click-events-to-captured-pointer)
    * [Explicit compile hints with magic comments](#explicit-compile-hints-with-magic-comments)
    * [H265 (HEVC) codec support in WebRTC](#h265-hevc-codec-support-in-webrtc)
    * [H26x codec support updates for MediaRecorder](#h26x-codec-support-updates-for-mediarecorder)
    * [Language support for `CanvasTextDrawingStyles`](#language-support-for-canvastextdrawingstyles)
    * [Permissions Policy reports for iframes](#permissions-policy-reports-for-iframes)
    * [Predictable reported storage quota](#predictable-reported-storage-quota)
    * [Aggregate error reporting with the Private Aggregation API](#aggregate-error-reporting-with-the-private-aggregation-api)
    * [Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API](#strict-same-origin-policy-for-storage-access-api)
    * [Use the `double` type for ProgressEvent's `loaded` and `total` attributes](#use-the-double-type-for-progressevents-loaded-and-total-attributes)
    * [`getCharNumAtPosition`, `isPointInFill`, and `isPointInStroke` now use `DOMPointInit` objects](#getcharnumatposition-ispointinfill-and-ispointinstroke-now-use-dompointinit-objects)
    * [Web Authentication Conditional Create](#web-authentication-conditional-create)
    * [Return multiple identity providers in a single FedCM `get()` call](#return-multiple-identity-providers-in-a-single-fedcm-get-call)
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    * [Deprecate the `AutomaticHttpsDefault` policy](#deprecate-the-automatichttpsdefault-policy)
    * [Deprecate `Intl.Locale` getters](#deprecate-intllocale-getters)
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
    * [Update of Canvas text rendering implementation](#update-of-canvas-text-rendering-implementation)
    * [PreferredAudioOutputDevices](#preferredaudiooutputdevices)
    * [`confidence` field on `PerformanceNavigationTiming` object](#confidence-field-on-performancenavigationtiming-object)
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)
    * [HTML+IDL handwriting attribute](#htmlidl-handwriting-attribute)
    * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
    * [Ms High Contrast Deprecation](#ms-high-contrast-deprecation)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in May 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 136)](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2025/05/devtools-136.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in May 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (May 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Auto-generated view transition names

The `view-transition-name` CSS property supports two new values, to avoid having to invent unique names for elements that participate in a view transition:

* `match-element` - Generates a unique ID that's based on the element's identity.  This value is useful in single-page apps where the element that's animated with a view transition is being moved in the DOM.

* `auto` - Generates a unique ID that's based on the element's `id` attribute.  This value only takes the `id` attribute into account, and ignores the type of element.  This approach enables a view transition to work across multiple pages of an app, where elements with the same `id` attribute may be different.<!-- todo: different in what way, a different type of animation/transition?  different kind of element? -->

See [Determining view-transition-name automatically](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-view-transitions-2/#auto-vt-name).


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `stretch` sizing keyword

Various CSS sizing properties, such as `width` or `height`, now accept the `stretch` keyword.

The `stretch` keyword allows elements to grow to exactly fill their containing block's available space.  This is similar to using the `100%` value; however, the resulting size is applied to the element's margin box, instead of being applied to the box that's indicated by the `box-sizing` property.

Using the `stretch` keyword allows the element to keep its margins while still being as large as possible.

See [stretch](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/width#stretch) in _width_ at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `dynamic-range-limit` property

The `dynamic-range-limit` CSS property allows limiting the maximum brightness of High Dynamic Range (HDR) content.

See [Controlling Dynamic Range](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color-hdr/#controlling-dynamic-range), in _CSS Color HDR Module Level 1_.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ignore `letter-spacing` in cursive scripts

Per specification, the browser now ignores the `letter-spacing` CSS property when rendering cursive scripts, to avoid breaking words.

If possible, the browser may apply letter spacing by translating the extra space into cursive elongation or compression.  If the text cannot be expanded without breaking cursive connections, the browser treats each word as a single typographic unit for letter spacing.

Proper cursive elongation or compression varies, based on:
* Script.
* Typeface.
* Language.
* Word location.
* Line location.
* Implementation complexity.
* Font capabilities.
* Calligraphic preferences.

Proper cursive elongation or compression may involve shortening:
* Ligatures.
* Swash variants.
* Contextual forms.
* Elongation glyphs.

Avoid applying the  `letter-spacing` property to cursive scripts, unless you can accept non-interoperable results.

See [letter-spacing](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/letter-spacing) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Change the `string` CSS type in the `attr()` function to `raw-string`

In the `attr()` CSS function, instead of using a `string` type, use the `raw-string` type instead.

For example, `attr(data-foo string)` is now `attr(data-foo raw-string)`.

See [attr()](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/attr) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Type-agnostic `var()` fallback

The `var()` CSS function accepts a fallback value as its second argument, in case the referenced custom property doesn't exist, or is invalid:

`width: var(--undefined-width, 100px)`

Previously, when the referenced custom property was registered with a specific type, by using the `@property` rule, the fallback value of a `var()` function only applied if it was of the same type as the referenced custom property.

This change allows the fallback value to be of any type, regardless of the type of the referenced custom property.

See [var()](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/var) and [@property](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/@property) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Unprefixed `print-color-adjust`

The `print-color-adjust` CSS property now works without the `-webkit-` prefix.

The `print-color-adjust` property allows adjusting colors in a printed web page.

See [print-color-adjust](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/print-color-adjust) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Fluent scrollbars

Overlay and non-overlay scrollbars now match the Fluent design language on Windows and Linux.

See [Fluent Scrollbars Visual Spec](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1haDpb1QIh2PaLwsQD1i4WHFq_5_jSK3XK9lhgSs4WkM/edit).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Web APIs


<!-- ---------- -->
###### AudioContext `interrupted` state

The `AudioContextState` interface now has an `interrupted` state.  The `interrupted` state allows the browser to pause playback in scenarios such as when using exclusive audio access (VoIP) or when a laptop lid is closed, and enables the web app to respond appropriately.

See [AudioContext](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/AudioContext) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation<!-- todo: section lacks "fetching", try to avoid / and spell out -->

<!-- behavior 1 -->
Blob URL access is now partitioned by storage key.  Storage keys are top-level sites, frame origins, and the `has-cross-site-ancestor` boolean.  Top-level navigations remain partitioned only by frame origin.

Partitioning Blob URL access by storage key is similar to what's currently implemented by both Firefox and Safari.  This aligns Blob URL usage with the partitioning scheme that's used by other storage APIs as part of Storage Partitioning.

<!-- behavior 2 -->
Along with that change, Microsoft Edge now enforces `noopener` on renderer-initiated top-level navigations to Blob URLs, where the corresponding site is cross-site to the top-level site that's performing the navigation.  This aligns with similar behavior in Safari and with the corresponding specifications.

This change can be temporarily reverted by setting the `PartitionedBlobUrlUsage` policy.<!-- todo: applies to behavior 1 & 2? -->  If this policy is set to `Enabled` or is not set, Blob URLs are partitioned.<!-- todo: applies to behavior 1 & 2? -->  If this policy is set to `Disabled`, Blob URLs are not partitioned.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Partitioning `:visited` links history

To eliminate leaking the user's browsing history, an HTML `<a>` element is now styled as `:visited` only if the link has previously been clicked from the top-level site and frame origin.  Microsoft Edge now partitions visited links according to three keys:
* The link URL.
* The top-level site.
* The frame origin.

By only styling links that have been clicked on this site and frame before, side-channel attacks that obtain `:visited` links styling information are prevented.

_Self-links_ are excluded from this protection; a link to a site's own pages can be styled as `:visited` even if the link hasn't been clicked on in this exact top-level site and frame origin before.  This exemption is only enabled in top-level frames or subframes which are same-origin with the top-level frame.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Navigation initiator used in the HTTP cache partition key

The browser's HTTP cache keying scheme now includes the boolean `is-cross-site-main-frame-navigation`.  Use this boolean to mitigate cross-site leak attacks that involve top-level navigation.

This boolean prevents a cross-site attack in which the attacker initiates a top-level navigation to a given page and then navigates to a resource that's known to be loaded by the page, in order to infer sensitive information via load timing.

This change also improves privacy by preventing a malicious site from using navigations to infer whether a user has previously visited a given site.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSP `require-sri-for` for scripts

The `require-sri-for` directive enables you to assert that every resource of a given type needs to be checked for integrity.

If a resource of that type is attempted to be loaded without integrity metadata, that attempt fails and trigger a CSP violation report.

See [Content Security Policy (CSP)](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Call stacks in crash reports from unresponsive web pages

When a webpage becomes unresponsive due to JavaScript code running a very long computation, such as an infinite loop, the Javascript call stack is recorded and included in the crash report that's sent to the Reporting API server endpoint that's configured by the website.

See [Reporting API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Captured surface control

The `CaptureController` API allows a video-conferencing app to control the zoom level and scroll position of the content of a browser tab that's being screenshared.<!-- todo: "that's used with screen sharing"?  https://www.bing.com/search?q=screensharing -->

See the [Captured Surface Control](https://w3c.github.io/mediacapture-surface-control/) specification.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Captured surface resolution

The `screenPixelRatio` property of the `MediaStreamTrack` API exposes the pixel ratio of the captured surface while screensharing.<!-- todo: "screen sharing"?  https://www.bing.com/search?q=screensharing -->

This property allows an app to preserve system resources or adapt to the quality vs. bandwidth tradeoff, based on the physical resolution and logical resolution of the captured surface.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Dispatching click events to captured pointer

If a pointer is captured while the `pointerup` event is being dispatched, the `click` event is dispatched to the captured target instead of being dispatched to the nearest common ancestor of `pointerdown` and `pointerup` events.

The `click` target remains unchanged for uncaptured pointers.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Explicit compile hints with magic comments

_Magic comments_ are comments that send a signal to the browser that the functions in a JavaScript file are likely to be needed by the website.  This allows the browser to parse, compile, or cache the functions eagerly, which can improve page load times.

In JavaScript, magic comments are comments that start with `//#`.

See [Explainer for Explicit JavaScript Compile Hints](https://github.com/WICG/explicit-javascript-compile-hints-file-based/blob/main/README.md).


<!-- ---------- -->
###### H265 (HEVC) codec support in WebRTC

The H265 (HEVC) codec has increased compression efficiency (higher quality per bitrate) relative to VP8/VP9/H264, and has very strong hardware support.

Support for the H265 (HEVC) codec in WebRTC improves the visual experience, increases battery life, and reduces the risk of performance issues.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### H26x codec support updates for MediaRecorder

The MediaRecorder API now supports HEVC encoding.  This introduces the hvc1.* codec string, and adds new codecs (hev1.* and avc3.*), which support variable resolution video in MP4.

The MediaRecorder API now supports both MP4 and Matroska muxer<!-- todo: link? https://www.bing.com/search?q=Matroska+muxer --> types with different HEVC and H.264 mime type specifications.  HEVC encoding is only supported if the user's device and operating system provide the necessary capabilities.

See [MediaRecorder](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/MediaRecorder) at MDN.<!-- todo: 0 hits on Matroska, 0 hits on muxer  -->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Language support for `CanvasTextDrawingStyles`

The `lang` attribute can now be set on a `<canvas>` or `OffscreenCanvas` context.  This allows you to specify the language for text drawing and metrics in canvas.  Specifying the language is important for correct rendering of text in different languages, especially when rendering or measuring text content offscreen before outputting it to a visible canvas.

See [OffscreenCanvas](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/OffscreenCanvas) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Permissions Policy reports for iframes

Permissions Policy violation reports for cross-origin iframes are only sent to the iframe's reporting endpoint and not to the embedder's reporting endpoint, because of the concern that it might leak sensitive information about a cross-origin iframe.  However, this makes it difficult for a site to enforce Permissions Policy, because the site can't learn about breakages in cross-origin iframes.

The new violation called _Potential Permissions Policy violation_ analyzes:

* The existing Permissions Policy (including `report-only` policy).
* The `allow` attribute set in iframes.

Based on the above, the violation detects the conflict between the enforced Permissions Policy and the permissions being propagated to iframes.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Predictable reported storage quota

The StorageManager's `estimate`  now reports a predictable storage quota for sites that have limited storage permissions.

This prevents the detection of a user's browsing mode via the storage API by reporting an artificial quota.  The quota is the current usage + 10 Gib,<!-- todo: GiB?  GB?  spell out --> in all browsing modes.
<!-- https://www.bing.com/search?q=abbreviation+gib - GiB = gibibyte or Gibibyte  -->
<!-- https://www.bing.com/search?q=abbreviation%20gigabit - GB = Gigabit -->

Sites with unlimited storage permissions and enforced quotas are unaffected.

See [Storage quotas and eviction criteria](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Storage_API/Storage_quotas_and_eviction_criteria) at MDN.
<!-- todo: found spelling "around 200 GiB" -->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Aggregate error reporting with the Private Aggregation API

You can register histogram contributions that should only be sent if a particular type of error occurs when using the Private Aggregation API.
<!-- todo: alts:
Use the Private Aggregation API to register histogram contributions that should only be sent if a particular type of error occurs.
When using the Private Aggregation API, you can register histogram contributions that should only be sent if a particular type of error occurs.
-->

There are a range of error conditions that can be hit when using the Private Aggregation API.  For example, the privacy budget could run out, preventing any further histogram contributions. 

This feature supports measuring the frequency of the error conditions and splitting these measurements on relevant developer-specified dimensions, for example by version of the website.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API

The Storage Access API now follows the Same Origin Policy.<!-- todo: "policy"? -->

Using `document.requestStorageAccess()` in a frame only attaches cookies to the requests that are made to the iframe's origin by default.<!-- todo: what aspect does "by default" apply to?  what does it not apply to? -->

The `CookiesAllowedForUrls` policy and Storage Access Headers<!-- todo: "storage access headers"? --> can still be used to unblock cross-site cookies.

See [Storage Access API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Storage_Access_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Use the `double` type for ProgressEvent's `loaded` and `total` attributes

The `loaded` and `total` attributes of a `ProgressEvent` indicate the current progress.  The type of these attributes is now a floating point number between `0` and `1`, which aligns `ProgressEvent` with the default behavior of the `<progress>` HTML element, when the `max` attribute is omitted.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `getCharNumAtPosition`, `isPointInFill`, and `isPointInStroke` now use `DOMPointInit` objects

To match the SVGGeometryElement and SVGPathElement specifications, the `getCharNumAtPosition`, `isPointInFill`, and `isPointInStroke` methods now use `DOMPointInit` objects instead of an `SVGPoint` objects.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web Authentication Conditional Create

A _WebAuthn<!-- todo: ok spelling? --> Conditional Create_ request lets a website create a passkey without prominent modal mediation, if the user previously consented to credential creation.

<!-- todo: link?
See [__](__) at __.
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Return multiple identity providers in a single FedCM `get()` call

The Federated Credential Management API (FedCM) can now show multiple identity providers in the same dialog.

The `get()` method now returns all providers in a single call.  This allows a website to present all supported identity providers to users.

See [Federated Credential Management (FedCM) API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/FedCM_API) at MDN.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Deprecate the `AutomaticHttpsDefault` policy

The `AutomaticHttpsDefault` policy is supported but discouraged in Microsoft Edge 136, and is planned to be removed in Microsoft Edge 139.  Instead, use the new `HttpsUpgradesEnabled`<!-- todo: link --> policy, which is available starting in Microsoft Edge version 136.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Deprecate `Intl.Locale` getters

The `Intl.Locale` API exposes information for a locale, including its week elements and its hour cycle type, such as 12-hour clock, Japanese 12-hour clock, or 24-hour clock.

The accessor properties of the `Intl.Locale` object are now deprecated, in favor of the corresponding functions, per the specification.  For example, the `Intl.Locale.prototype.hourCycle` accessor property is deprecated in favor of the `Intl.Locale.prototype.getHourCycles()` function.

See [Intl.Locale](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Locale) at MDN.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs that you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials

<!-- todo: check all links in section -->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Update of Canvas text rendering implementation

Expires on December 16, 2025.

New implementation of `measureText()`, `fillText()`, and `strokeText()` for the CanvasRenderingContext2D API.  You can compare the performance of these methods against the previous implementation of these methods.

* [Explainer](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UbHuoflNyLbSavpH86HEmXFGyz2V4uZ6cjNpuuwrtBg/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Feedback](https://crbug.com/new")<!-- todo: check url - quote mark? -->
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3227392082964381697")<!-- todo: end up at https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active -->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### PreferredAudioOutputDevices<!-- todo: backticks? (sync toc)  check spelling, via what url? -->

Expires on January 27, 2026.

The `PreferredAudioOutputDevices` feature allows a page to set a non-default device for all audio output from the page, including its child frames.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/SetPreferredSinkId/explainer.md)<!-- todo: 0 hits on PreferredAudioOutputDevices -->
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/tree/main/SetPreferredSinkId)<!-- todo: link wrong? -->
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1173750652883435521")<!-- todo: end up at https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active -->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `confidence` field on `PerformanceNavigationTiming` object

Expires on October 14, 2025.

The `PerformanceNavigationTiming` object now includes a `confidence` field, which allows you to assess whether the navigation timings are representative of your web app's performance.  

You add noise to this field via a randomized response algorithm, so that an aggregator can debias the data, but individual records cannot used to track users.  Due to this noise, the `confidence` field isn't immediately useful.  By collecting this field in your Real User Monitoring (RUM) data, after collecting enough records, you can analyze your data and eliminate the noise.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/PerformanceNavigationTiming%20for%20User%20Agent%20Launch/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://issues.chromium.org/issues/new?component=1456492&priority=P2&type=bug&noWizard=true&title=Feedback%20for%20Confidence%20field&cc=mjackson@microsoft.com&template=0")<!-- todo: check url - quote mark? -->
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/-8409909354160979967")<!-- todo: end up at https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active -->


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### HTML+IDL handwriting attribute

Expires on June 14, 2025.

The `handwriting` attribute provides a per-document and per-element way to control where handwriting input, such as when using a stylus, is allowed.
<!-- todo: mention HTML & IDL in body, b/c mentioned in heading -->

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Handwriting/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Handwriting,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BHandwriting%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/36b56357-0271-4e89-a091-3be27184808a)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Acquisition Info API

Expires on June 30, 2025.

The Acquisition Info API supports 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs that were acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ms High Contrast Deprecation<!-- todo: Feedback link outputs MS not Ms -->

Expires on September 9, 2025.

Enable legacy CSS `-ms-high-contrast` media query and `-ms-high-contrast-adjust` property.

See [Deprecating support for -ms-high-contrast and -ms-high-contrast-adjust](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2024/04/29/deprecating-ms-high-contrast/).

* [Explainer](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2024/04/29/deprecating-ms-high-contrast/)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=MS+High%20Contrast,OriginTrialFeedback&title=%5BMS%20High%20Contrast%5D+Feedback)<!-- todo: Feedback link outputs MS not Ms -->
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/fa44c0d7-cb20-490b-97fa-e2559b918759)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
