---
title: Microsoft Edge 137 web platform release notes (May. 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 137 web platform release notes (May. 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 137 web platform release notes (May. 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 137, which releases on May 29, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download an Insiders version of Microsoft Edge, such as Canary, Dev, or Beta; see [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://aka.ms/microsoftedge).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [Enabled features](#enabled-features)
    
    * [Align error type thrown for &#39;payment&#39; WebAuthn credential creation: SecurityError =&gt; NotAllowedError](#align-error-type-thrown-for-payment-webauthn-credential-creation-securityerror-notallowederror)
    
    * [Allow &lt;use&gt; to reference an external document&#39;s root element by omitting the fragment.](#allow-use-to-reference-an-external-documents-root-element-by-omitting-the-fragment)
    
    * [Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation](#blob-url-partitioning-fetching-navigation)
    
    * [CSS &#39;stretch&#39; sizing keyword](#css-stretch-sizing-keyword)
    
    * [CSS caret-animation property](#css-caret-animation-property)
    
    * [CSS if() function](#css-if-function)
    
    * [CSS reading-flow, reading-order properties](#css-reading-flow-reading-order-properties)
    
    * [Call stacks in crash reports from unresponsive web pages](#call-stacks-in-crash-reports-from-unresponsive-web-pages)
    
    * [Canvas Floating Point Color Types](#canvas-floating-point-color-types)
    
    * [Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering](#disallow-non-trustworthy-plaintext-http-prerendering)
    
    * [Document-Isolation-Policy](#document-isolation-policy)
    
    * [Ed25519 in Web Cryptography](#ed25519-in-web-cryptography)
    
    * [IP Address Logging &amp; Reporting](#ip-address-logging-and-reporting)
    
    * [Ignore Letter Spacing in Cursive Scripts](#ignore-letter-spacing-in-cursive-scripts)
    
    * [Integrity Policy for scripts](#integrity-policy-for-scripts)
    
    * [JavaScript Promise Integration](#javascript-promise-integration)
    
    * [Language Detector API](#language-detector-api)
    
    * [Nested view transitions](#nested-view-transitions)
    
    * [On-device Web Speech API](#on-device-web-speech-api)
    
    * [Pushsubscriptionchange event upon resubscription](#pushsubscriptionchange-event-upon-resubscription)
    
    * [Restrict float attributes/arguments on SVG{Matrix,Rect,Point}](#restrict-float-attributes-arguments-on-svg-matrix-rect-point)
    
    * [Selection API getComposedRanges and direction](#selection-api-getcomposedranges-and-direction)
    
    * [Support offset-path: shape()](#support-offset-path-shape)
    
    * [Support transform attribute on SVGSVGElement](#support-transform-attribute-on-svgsvgelement)
    
    * [System accent color for accent-color property.](#system-accent-color-for-accent-color-property)
    
    * [Web app scope extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions)
    
    * [WebAssembly Branch Hints](#webassembly-branch-hints)
    
    * [WebGPU: GPUTextureView for externalTexture binding](#webgpu-gputextureview-for-externaltexture-binding)
    
    * [WebGPU: copyBufferToBuffer overload](#webgpu-copybuffertobuffer-overload)
    
    * [view-transition-name: auto](#view-transition-name-auto)
    
    * [view-transition-name: match-element](#view-transition-name-match-element)
    
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    
    
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
    
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)
    


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/whats-new.md).


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabled features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Align error type thrown for &#39;payment&#39; WebAuthn credential creation: SecurityError =&gt; NotAllowedError

Correct the error type thrown during WebAuthn credential creation for 'payment' credentials. Due to a historic specification mismatch, creating a 'payment' credential in a cross-origin iframe without a user activation would throw a SecurityError instead of a NotAllowedError, which is what is thrown for non-payment credentials.

This is a breaking change, albeit a niche one. Code that previously detected the type of error thrown (e.g., `e instanceof SecurityError`) would be affected. Code that just generally handles errors during credential creation (e.g. `catch (e)`) will continue to function correctly.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Allow &lt;use&gt; to reference an external document&#39;s root element by omitting the fragment.

In this feature, we are streamlining the SVG <use> element by loosening referencing requirements. Currently, authors need to explicitly reference fragments within the SVG document. If no fragment id is given <use> will not be able to resolve the target and nothing will be rendered/referred.

For example: a <use> element referencing an external file with fragment identifier will look like: 

<svg> 
  <use xlink:href="myshape.svg#icon"></use> 
</svg> 

In this example, #icon is the fragment identifier pointing to an element with id="icon" within myshape.svg. 

and without fragment identifier it will look like: 

<svg> 
  <use xlink:href="myshape.svg"></use> 
</svg> 

With this feature, omitting fragments or just giving the external svg file name will automatically reference the root element, eliminating the need for authors to alter the referenced document just to assign an ID to the root. This enhancement simplifies this manual editing process and improves efficiency.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Blob URL Partitioning: Fetching/Navigation

As a continuation of Storage Partitioning, Chromium will implement partitioning of Blob URL access by Storage Key (top-level site, frame origin, and the has-cross-site-ancestor boolean), with the exception of top-level navigations which will remain partitioned only by frame origin. This behavior is similar to what’s currently implemented by both Firefox and Safari, and aligns Blob URL usage with the partitioning scheme used by other storage APIs as part of Storage Partitioning. In addition, Chromium will enforce noopener on renderer-initiated top-level navigations to Blob URLs where the corresponding site is cross-site to the top-level site performing the navigation. This aligns Chromium with similar behavior in Safari, and the relevant specs have been updated to reflect these changes. 

This change can be temporarily reverted by setting the PartitionedBlobURLUsage policy. The policy will be deprecated when the other storage partitioning related enterprise policies are deprecated.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS &#39;stretch&#39; sizing keyword

A keyword for CSS sizing properties (e.g. 'width', 'height') that allows elements to grow to exactly fill their containing block's available space. It is similar to '100%', except the resulting size is applied to the element's margin box instead of the box indicated by 'box-sizing'. Using this keyword allows the element to keep its margins while still being as large as possible. An unprefixed version of '-webkit-fill-available'.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS caret-animation property

Chromium supports animation of the caret-color property, but when animated the default blinking behavior of the caret interferes with the animation. For instance, see the example at https://drafts.csswg.org/css-ui/#caret-animation where an animation from blue to red and back is rendered as a blinking cursor that is randomly blue or red. The CSS caret-animation property has two possible values: auto and manual, where auto means browser default (blinking) and manual means the page author is controlling the caret animation. In addition, via a user stylesheet, it allows users who are disturbed by or have adverse reactions to blinking or flashing visuals to disable the blinking.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS if() function

The CSS if() function provides a concise way to express conditional values. It accepts a series of condition-value pairs, delimited by semicolons. The function evaluates each condition sequentially and returns the value associated with the first true condition. If none of the conditions evaluate to true, the function returns an empty token stream. This allows web authors to express complex conditional logic in a simple and concise way.

Example:

<style>
  div {
      color: var(--color);
      background-color: if(style(--color: white): black; else: white);
  }
  .dark {
      --color: black;
  }
  .light {
      --color: white;
  }
</style>
<div class="dark">dark</div>
<div class="light">light</div>


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS reading-flow, reading-order properties

The reading-flow CSS property controls the order in which elements in a flex, grid or block layout are exposed to accessibility tools and focused via TAB keyboard focus navigation.

This change implements the CSS reading-flow keyword values:
* normal
* flex-visual
* flex-flow
* grid-rows
* grid-columns
* grid-order
* source-order

See spec: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-display-4/#reading-flow

The reading-order CSS property allows authors to manually-override the order within a reading flow container. It is an integer with default value 0.

See spec: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-display-4/#reading-order

Please find more thorough examples of how TAB keyboard navigation and accessibility is improved by this feature here:
https://chrome.dev/reading-flow-examples/


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Call stacks in crash reports from unresponsive web pages

This feature captures the JS call stack when a web page becomes unresponsive due to JavaScript code running an infinite loop or other very long computation. This helps developers to identify the cause of the unresponsiveness and fix it more easily. The JS call stack is included in the crash reporting API when the reason is unresponsive.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Canvas Floating Point Color Types

Introduce the the ability to use floating point pixel formats (as opposed to 8-bit fixed point) with CanvasRenderingContext2D, OffscreenCanvasRenderingContext2D, and ImageData.

This is necessary for high precision applications (e.g, medical visualization), high dynamic range content, and linear working color spaces.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering

Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Document-Isolation-Policy

Document-Isolation-Policy allows a document to enable crossOriginIsolation for itself, without having to deploy COOP or COEP, and regardless of the crossOriginIsolation status of the page. The policy is backed by process isolation. Additionally, the document non-CORS cross-origin subresources will either be loaded without credentials or will need to have a CORP header.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ed25519 in Web Cryptography

This feature adds support for Curve25519 algorithms in the Web Cryptography API, namely the signature algorithm Ed25519


<!-- ---------- -->
###### IP Address Logging &amp; Reporting

Chrome Enterprise is enhancing security monitoring and incident response capabilities by collecting and reporting local and remote IP addresses & sending those IP addresses to the Security Investigation Logs (SIT). In addition, Chrome Enterprise will allow admins to optionally send the IP addresses to 1P & 3P SIEM providers via the Chrome Enterprise Reporting connector.

This will be available for Chrome Enterprise Core customers. 

This will be available in Chrome 137.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ignore Letter Spacing in Cursive Scripts

This feature adds logic to ignore the letter-spacing setting for cursive scripts as specified by the web author, in line with the spec, to ensure that letter spacing does not disrupt word structure and aims to produce better user experience for users relying on cursive scripts. 

The spec suggests that the UA may apply letter spacing to cursive scripts by translating the total extra space into cursive elongation or compression. Otherwise, if the UA cannot expand text from a cursive script without breaking its cursive connections, it must not apply spacing between any pair of that script’s typographic letter units at all.

Ignoring letter spacing altogether for cursive scripts is simpler and helps avoid performance issues as handling spacing for such scripts requires complex calculations to maintain cursive connections and account for script-specific factors like elongation glyphs, typefaces, and calligraphy preferences. With this feature, Chromium ensures that cursive scripts will be readable and properly spaced, even if the fonts don’t have advanced typographic features.

The scripts that we are proposing to apply this to in Chromium are Arabic, Hanifi Rohingya, Mandaic, Mongolian, N’Ko, Phags Pa, and Syriac as these scripts are considered cursive as per spec.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Integrity Policy for scripts

Subresource-Integrity (SRI) enables developers to make sure the assets they intend to load are indeed the assets they are loading. But there's no current way for developers to be sure that all of their scripts are validated using SRI.

The Integrity-Policy header gives developers the ability to assert that every resource of a given type needs to be integrity-checked. If a resource of that type is attempted to be loaded without integrity metadata, that attempt will fail and trigger a violation report.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### JavaScript Promise Integration

JavaScript Promise Integration (JSPI) is an API that allows WebAssembly applications to integrate with JavaScript Promises.

It allows a WebAssembly program to act as the generator of a Promise, and it allows the WebAssembly program to interact with Promise-bearing APIs.

In particular, when an application uses JSPI to call a Promise-bearing (JavaScript) API, the WebAssembly code is suspended; and the original caller to the WebAssembly program is given a Promise that will be fulfilled when the WebAssembly program finally completes.

JSPI is described in more detail in https://github.com/WebAssembly/js-promise-integration which is part of the W3C WebAssembly standards track. See  also https://github.com/WebAssembly/stack-switching and https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/tree/main/stack.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Language Detector API

A JavaScript API for detecting the language of text, with confidence levels.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Nested view transitions

Allow view-transitions to generate a nested pseudo-element tree rather than a flat one.

This allows the view transition to appear more in line with its original elements and visual intent, as it enables clipping, nested 3D transforms, and proper application of effects like opacity, masking and filters.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### On-device Web Speech API

This feature adds on-device speech recognition support to the Web Speech API, allowing websites to ensure that neither audio nor transcribed speech are sent to a third-party service for processing.

Websites can query the availability of on-device speech recognition for specific languages, prompt users to install the necessary resources for on-device speech recognition, and choose between on-device or cloud-based speech recognition as needed.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Pushsubscriptionchange event upon resubscription

Fire the pushsubscriptionchange event in service workers when an origin for which a push subscription existed in the past, but which was revoked because of a permission change (from granted to deny/default), is re-granted notification permission.

The event will be fired with an empty oldSubscription and newSubscription.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Restrict float attributes/arguments on SVG{Matrix,Rect,Point}

For setting float attributes/arguments on SVGMatrix, SVGRect and SVGPoint, we intend to not allow setting them as Infinity or Nan.
We intend to throw a JavaScript exception when the user attempts to set it, as defined in the SVG specification.

As such, this change in restriction will bring Chromium in line with the spec, which has already been implemented in Firefox.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Selection API getComposedRanges and direction

This feature ships two new API methods for the Selection API:
* Selection.direction which returns the selection's direction as either "none", "forward" or "backward"
* Selection.getComposedRanges() which returns a list of 0 or 1 “composed” StaticRange

A “composed” StaticRange is allowed to cross shadow boundaries, which normal Ranges cannot.

For example:
const range = getSelection().getComposedRanges({ shadowRoots: [root] });

If the selection crosses a shadow root boundary that isn’t provided in the shadowRots list, then the StaticRange's endpoints will be “rescoped” to be outside that tree. This makes sure we do not expose unknown shadow trees.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support offset-path: shape()

The shape() function is already supported in clip-path, and allows responsive clipping.
Enabling it also for offset-path will close a small gap where the same kind o shape can be used for for that property.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support transform attribute on SVGSVGElement

This feature enables the application of transformation properties—such as scaling, rotation, translation, and skewing—directly to the <svg> root element via its transform attribute. This enhancement allows developers to manipulate the entire SVG coordinate system or its contents as a whole, providing greater flexibility in creating dynamic, responsive, and interactive vector graphics. By supporting this attribute, the SVG element can be transformed without requiring additional wrapper elements or complex CSS workarounds, streamlining the process of building scalable and animated web graphics.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### System accent color for accent-color property.

This feature empowers web developers to enhance the visual appeal of their websites by leveraging the operating system's accent color for form elements. By utilizing the "accent-color" CSS property, developers can ensure that form elements such as checkboxes, radio buttons, and progress bars automatically adopt the accent color defined by the user's operating system. This feature is an enhancement to existing feature that is already shipped in Chromium: https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/WwYkLjbGhoA


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web app scope extensions

Adds a "scope_extensions" web app manifest field that enables web apps to extend their scope to other origins.  

Example usage:
{
  "name": "Example",
  "display": "standalone",
  "start_url": "/index.html",
  "scope_extensions": [
    {"type" : "type", "origin" : "https://example.com"}
  ]
}

This allows sites that control multiple subdomains and top level domains to be presented as a single web app. 

Requires listed origins to confirm association with the web app using a .well-known/web-app-origin-association configuration file.

{
  "https://sample-app.com/": {
    "scope": "/"
  }
}


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebAssembly Branch Hints

Improves the performance of compiled WebAssembly code by informing the engine that a particular branch instruction is very likely to take a specific path.

This allows the engine to make better decisions for code layout (improving instruction cache hits) and register allocation.

https://github.com/WebAssembly/branch-hinting/blob/main/proposals/branch-hinting/Overview.md


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU: GPUTextureView for externalTexture binding

Functionality added to the WebGPU spec after its first shipment in a browser. 

A GPUTextureView is now allowed to be used for an externalTexture binding when creating a GPUBindGroup.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU: copyBufferToBuffer overload

Functionality added to the WebGPU spec after its first shipment in a browser. 

The GPUCommandEncoder copyBufferToBuffer() method now includes a simpler way to copy entire buffers using a new overload with optional offsets and size parameters.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### view-transition-name: auto

Contact emails
vmpstr@chromium.org, nrosenthal@chromium.org

Explainer
None

Specification
https://drafts.csswg.org/css-view-transitions-2/#auto-vt-name

Summary
'auto' uses the element's id attribute to generate a unique match for view transition cases. In absence of the id, it generates a unique id based on the element's identity and remains the same for this element. This is used in Single Page App or Multi Page App cases where the element is being moved around and the desire is to animate it with a view transition

Note this is split off from https://chromestatus.com/feature/6575974796492800 which contains additional discussions




<!-- ---------- -->
###### view-transition-name: match-element

'match-element' generates a unique id based on the element's identity and renames the same for this element. This is used in Single Page App cases where the element is being moved around and the desire is to animate it with a view transition

Note this is split off from https://chromestatus.com/feature/6575974796492800 which contains additional discussions


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**





<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
