---
title: Microsoft Edge 138 web platform release notes (Jun. 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 138 web platform release notes (June 2025).
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 06/26/2025
---
# Microsoft Edge 138 web platform release notes (Jun. 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 138, which releases on June 26, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [Enabled features](#enabled-features)
    * [Add prefetchCache and prerenderCache to Clear-Site-Data header](#add-prefetchcache-and-prerendercache-to-clear-site-data-header)
    * [Add support for video frame orientation metadata to WebCodecs](#add-support-for-video-frame-orientation-metadata-to-webcodecs)
    * [CSS `stretch` sizing keyword](#css-stretch-sizing-keyword)
    * [CSS sign-related function: `abs()`](#css-sign-related-function-abs)
    * [CSS sign-related function: `sign()`](#css-sign-related-function-sign)
    * [CSS environment variable for OS-level font scale](#css-env-variable-for-os-level-font-scale)
    * [CSS `sibling-index()` and `sibling-count()` functions](#css-sibling-index-and-sibling-count-functions)
    * [Crash Reporting API: `is_top_level` and `visibility_state` fields](#crash-reporting-api-is_top_level-and-visibility_state-fields)
    * [Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering](#disallow-non-trustworthy-plaintext-http-prerendering)
    * [Escape `<` and `>` in attributes, on serialization](#escape--and--in-attributes-on-serialization)
    * [Integrity Policy for scripts](#integrity-policy-for-scripts)
    * [Interpolation progress functional notation: CSS `progress()` function](#interpolation-progress-functional-notation-css-progress-function)
    * [Language Detector API](#language-detector-api)
    * [Nested view transitions](#nested-view-transitions)
    * [On-device Web Speech API](#on-device-web-speech-api)
    * [Predictable reported storage quota](#predictable-reported-storage-quota)
    * [`pushsubscriptionchange` event upon resubscription](#pushsubscriptionchange-event-upon-resubscription)
    * [Speculation rules: `target_hint` field](#speculation-rules-target_hint-field)
    * [Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API](#strict-same-origin-policy-for-storage-access-api)
    * [Summarizer API](#summarizer-api)
    * [Translator API](#translator-api)
    * [Viewport Segments Enumeration API](#viewport-segments-enumeration-api)
    * [Web app scope extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions)
    * [Web serial over Bluetooth on Android](#web-serial-over-bluetooth-on-android)
    * [WebGPU `core-features-and-limits` flag<!-- todo -->](#webgpu-core-features-and-limits-flag)
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    * [Deprecate asynchronous range removal for Media Source Extensions](#deprecate-asynchronous-range-removal-for-media-source-extensions)
    * [Remove SwiftShader fallback](#remove-swiftshader-fallback)
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Jun 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 138)](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2025/06/devtools-138.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Jun 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Jun 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabled features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Add prefetchCache and prerenderCache to Clear-Site-Data header

We propose adding two new values to the Clear-Site-Data header to help you target clearing the prerender and prefetch cache: `prefetchCache` and `prerenderCache`.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Add support for video frame orientation metadata to WebCodecs

Introduces `"rotation: int"` and `"flip: bool"` values to various video related interfaces in WebCodecs, so that you can work with frame sources that have orientation (such as Android cameras or certain media).

The `VideoFrame` interface grows the ability to create `VideoFrame` instances that have arbitrary `rotation` and `flip` values, as well as accessors for this information on the `VideoFrame` object.

The `VideoDecoderConfig` object gains `rotation` and `flip` fields that are emitted on decoded `VideoFrame` objects automatically.

The `VideoEncoder` class gains mechanisms for passing `rotation` and `flip` information from `encode()` to the `VideoDecoderConfig` that's emitted as part of `EncodedVideoChunkMetadata`.  If `encode()` is called with frames with different orientations, a non-fatal exception will be thrown.  `configure()` may be used to reset the allowed orientation.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `stretch` sizing keyword

The `stretch` sizing keyword is for CSS sizing properties (such as `width` and `height`), to allow elements to grow to exactly fill their containing block's available space.  The `stretch` sizing keyword is similar to the value `100%`, except that the resulting size is applied to the element's margin box instead of to the box that's indicated by `box-sizing`.

The `stretch` keyword allows the element to keep its margins, while still being as large as possible.  This is an unprefixed version of `-webkit-fill-available`.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS sign-related function: `abs()`

The `abs(A)` function returns the absolute value of _A_, of the same type as the input:

* If _A_'s numeric value is positive or 0⁺, `abs(A)` outputs _A_.
* Otherwise, `abs(A)` outputs -1 * _A_.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS sign-related function: `sign()`

The `sign(A)` function returns:

* -1 if _A_'s numeric value is negative.
* +1 if _A_'s numeric value is positive.
* 0⁺ if _A_'s numeric value is 0⁺.
* 0⁻ if _A_'s numeric value is 0⁻.

The return type is a \<number\>, made consistent with the input calculation's type.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS environment variable for OS-level font scale

Exposes a user's preferred font scale to CSS.  Previously, it was not practical for a page to detect if the user has changed their preferred font size via the operating system's preferences.  This new CSS environment variable will reflect the scaling that's chosen by the user.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `sibling-index()` and `sibling-count()` functions

`sibling-index()` and `sibling-count()` can be used as integers in CSS property values to style elements based on their position among its siblings, or the total number of siblings respectively.  These functions can be used inside `calc()` expressions, or can be used directly as integer values.

Example of using `sibling-index()` inside a `calc()` expression:

`li { margin-left: calc(10px * sibling-index()); }`

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Crash Reporting API: `is_top_level` and `visibility_state` fields

This feature adds `is_top_level` and `visibility_state` string fields to the crash reporting API body that gets sent to the default reporting endpoint for crash reports.

For `is_top_level`: The string value `"true"` or `"false"` is included depending on whether the `Document` that sends the crash report belongs to a top-level traversable navigables.<!-- todo: expand "navigables" --> See:
* [Additional signal: is_top_level](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/issues/20) - Issue 20 in the "WICG / crash-reporting" repo.
* [Add is_top_level and page_visibility bits](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/pull/23) - PR 23 in the "WICG / crash-reporting" repo.

For `visibility_state`: See [Comment](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/issues/14#issuecomment-2452393164) in _Adding support for additional context / dimensions in the crash report_ (Issue 14 in the "WICG / crash-reporting" repo).

See also:
* [3. Crash Reports](https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting/#crash-report) in _Crash Reporting_ at WICG.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering

Disallow non-trustworthy plaintext HTTP prerendering.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Escape `<` and `>` in attributes, on serialization

Escape `<` and `>` in values of attributes, on serialization.  This mitigates the risk of mutation XSS attacks, which occur when value of an attribute is interpreted as a start tag token after being serialized and re-parsed.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Integrity Policy for scripts

The new `Integrity-Policy` header enables you to assert that every resource of a given type needs to be integrity-checked.  If a resource of the specified type is attempted to be loaded without integrity metadata, that attempt fails, and produces a violation report.

The existing header `Subresource-Integrity` (SRI) enables you to make sure the assets that you intend to load are indeed the assets that are being loaded.  But that header doesn't provide a way for you to be sure that all of your scripts are validated using SRI.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Interpolation progress functional notation: CSS `progress()` function

The `progress()` functional notation returns a \<number\> value that represents the position of one calculation (the progress value) between two other calculations (the progress start value and progress end value). `progress()` is a math function.

Syntax:

`<progress()> = progress(<progress value>, <progress start value>, <progress end value>)`

<!-- todo: orig format:
`<progress()> = progress(<calc-sum>, <calc-sum>, <calc-sum>)`
where the first, second, and third `<calc-sum>` values represent the progress value, progress start value, and progress end value, respectively.
-->

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Language Detector API

The Language Detector API is a JavaScript API for detecting the language of text, with confidence levels.

An important supplement to translation is language detection.  Language detection can be combined with translation, such as taking user input in an unknown language and translating it to a specific target language.  Browsers often have language detection capabilities, and the Language Detector API offers language detection capabilities through a JavaScript API, supplementing the <!-- todo: browser's built-in? --> translation API.

The `GenAILocalFoundationalModelSettings` enterprise policy is available, to disable the underlying model downloading, which would render the Language Detector API | the <!-- browser's? --> translation API<!-- todo: which API? --> unavailable.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Nested view transitions

Nested view transitions allow view-transitions to generate a nested pseudo-element tree rather than a flat pseudo-element tree.

Nested view transitions allows the view transition to appear more like its original elements and visual intent, because a nested view transition enables:

* Clipping.<!-- todo: clarify -->
* Nested 3D transforms.
* Correct application of effects such as opacity, masking, and filters.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### On-device Web Speech API

<!-- todo: resume here -->

The On-device Web Speech API adds on-device speech recognition support to the Web Speech API.  On-device speech recognition support allows a website to ensure that neither audio nor transcribed speech are sent to a third-party service for processing.

A website can:

* Query the availability of on-device speech recognition for specific languages.
* Prompt users to install the necessary resources for on-device speech recognition.
* Choose between on-device or cloud-based speech recognition.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Predictable reported storage quota

Report a predictable storage quota from StorageManager's estimate API<!-- todo: name of API: the StorageManager Estimate API? --> for sites that don't have unlimited storage permissions.

It is possible to detect a user's browsing mode via the reported storage quota, because the storage space that's made available is significantly smaller in InPrivate (Incognito) mode than in regular mode.

This is<!-- todo: what is? specify "This" --> a mitigation that prevents detection of a user's browsing mode via the Storage API by reporting an artificial quota, equal to<!-- todo: format: --> usage + min(10 GiB disk, rounded up to the nearest 1 GiB), in all browsing modes, for sites with limited storage permissions.

* Sites that have unlimited storage permissions are unaffected.
* The enforced quota is unaffected.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `pushsubscriptionchange` event upon resubscription

The `pushsubscriptionchange` event is fired by a service worker when an origin for which a push subscription existed in the past, but which was revoked because of a permission change (from "granted" to "deny/default"), is re-granted notification permission.

The event is fired with an empty `oldSubscription` and `newSubscription`.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Speculation rules: `target_hint` field

The syntax for speculation rules has been extended to allow you to specify the `target_hint` field.  The `target_hint` field provides a hint to indicate a target navigable<!-- todo: define/expand "a navigable" --> where a prerendered page will eventually be activated.

For example, when `_blank` is specified as a hint, a prerendered page can be activated for a navigable that is opened by `window.open()`.

The specification allows the `target_hint` field to accept 
any strings that are valid as navigable target name or keyword as the value,<!-- todo: clarify grammar/logic -->
but this launch supports only one of `"_self"` or `"_blank"` strings.  If the hint is not specified, it's treated as `"_self"`.

The `target_hint` field has no effect on prefetching.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API

This change adjusts the Storage Access API semantics to strictly follow the Same Origin Policy, with respect to security.  By default, using `document.requestStorageAccess()` in a frame only attaches cookies to requests to the iframe's origin (not site).
<!-- todo: 
clarify "to requests to the iframe's origin (not site)"
clarify "origin (not site)"
-->

The `CookiesAllowedForUrls` policy and/or Storage Access headers can still be used to unblock cross-site cookies.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Summarizer API

The Summarizer API is a JavaScript API for producing summaries of input text, backed by an AI language model.

Browsers and operating systems are increasingly expected to gain access to a language model.  Exposing this built-in model via the Summarizer API avoids requiring the website to download its own multi-gigabyte language model, or send input text to third-party APIs.

The summarizer API provides a high-level API for interfacing with a language model in order to summarize inputs for a variety of use cases,<!-- todo: link for [1]? --> in a way that doesn't depend on the specific language model.

The `GenAILocalFoundationalModelSettings` enterprise policy is available, to disable the underlying model downloading, which would render this API unavailable.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Translator API

The Translator API is a JavaScript API that provides language translation capabilities to web pages.

Browsers are increasingly offering language translation for users.  Such translation capabilities can also be useful to web developers.  This is especially the case when the browser's built-in translation abilities cannot help.  The `GenAILocalFoundationalModelSettings` enterprise policy is available, to disable the underlying model downloading which would render this API unavailable.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Viewport Segments Enumeration API

The Viewport Segments Enumeration API allows you to adapt your website (web app) layout to target foldable devices.

A viewport segment defines the position and dimensions of a logically separate region of the viewport.  A viewport segment is created when the viewport is split by one or more hardware features (such as a fold or a hinge between separate displays) that act as a divider.

Segments are the regions of the viewport that can be treated as logically distinct.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web app scope extensions

The new `"scope_extensions"` web app manifest field enables a web app to extend its scope to other origins.

Example usage:

```json
{
  "name": "Example",
  "display": "standalone",
  "start_url": "/index.html",
  "scope_extensions": [
    {"type" : "origin", "origin" : "https://example.com"}
  ]
}
```

The `scope_extensions` field allows a site that controls multiple subdomains and top-level domains to be presented as a single web app.

The `scope_extensions` field requires listed origins to confirm association with the web app using a `.well-known/web-app-origin-association` configuration file:

```json
{
  "https://sample-app.com/": {
    "scope": "/"
  }
}
```

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web serial over Bluetooth on Android

The "Web serial over Bluetooth on Android" feature allows web pages and web apps to connect to serial ports over Bluetooth on Android devices.

Chrome on Android now supports Web Serial API over Bluetooth RFCOMM (Radio Frequency Communication).  The following, existing enterprise policies on other platforms are enabled in `future_on` states for Android: 

* `DefaultSerialGuardSetting`
* `SerialAllowAllPortsForUrls`
* `SerialAllowUsbDevicesForUrls`
* `SerialAskForUrls`
* `SerialBlockedForUrls`

All policies except `SerialAllowUsbDevicesForUrls` will be enabled after the feature is enabled.  `SerialAllowUsbDevicesForUrls` will be enabled in a future launch after Android provides system-level support of wired serial ports.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU `core-features-and-limits` flag<!-- todo: check wording -->

The `core-features-and-limits` flag<!-- todo: check wording --> indicates that a WebGPU adapter and device support the core features and limits of the spec.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Deprecate asynchronous range removal for Media Source Extensions

The Media Source standard long ago changed to disallow ambiguously defined behavior involving asynchronous range removals:
* `SourceBuffer.abort()` no longer aborts `SourceBuffer.remove()` operations.
* Setting `MediaSource.duration` can no longer truncate currently buffered media.

Exceptions will be thrown in both of these cases now.

Safari and Firefox have long shipped this behavior; Chromium is the last browser remaining with the old behavior.  Use counters show ~0.001%-0.005% of page loads hit the deprecated behavior — mainly small Russian sites.  If a site hits this issue, playback might now break.

Usage of `abort()` cancelling removals is increasing, so it's prudent to resolve this deprecation<!-- todo: clarify "resolve this deprecation" --> before more incompatible usage appears.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Remove SwiftShader fallback

Allowing automatic fallback to WebGL backed by the software renderer `SwiftShader` is deprecated and WebGL context creation will fail instead of falling back to `SwiftShader`.  This was done mainly because:

* `SwiftShader` is a high security risk, due to JIT-ed (just-in-time) code running in Chromium's GPU process.
* Users have a poor experience when falling back from a high-performance GPU-backed WebGL to a CPU-backed implementation.  Users have no control over this behavior, and this behavior is difficult to describe in bug reports.

`SwiftShader` is a useful tool for testing a site on a system that is headless or doesn't have a supported GPU.  This use case is still supported by opting in, but is not intended for running untrusted content.

To opt-in to lower security guarantees and allow `SwiftShader` for WebGL, run the Chrome executable with the `--enable-unsafe-swiftshader` command-line switch.

During the deprecation period, a warning will appear in the javascript console when a WebGL context is created and backed with `SwiftShader`.  Passing `--enable-unsafe-swiftshader` removes this warning message.

Chromium and other browsers do not guarantee WebGL availability.  Your code should test for and handle WebGL context creation failure, and if there's a failure, fall back to another web API such as Canvas2D, or present an appropriate message to the user.

<!--
See also:
* []()
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials

<!-- todo -->


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials

<!-- todo -->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
