---
title: Microsoft Edge 139 web platform release notes (Aug. 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 139 web platform release notes (Aug. 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 08/07/2025
---
# Microsoft Edge 139 web platform release notes (Aug. 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 139, which releases on August 7, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Microsoft Edge 139 web platform release notes (Aug. 2025)](#microsoft-edge-139-web-platform-release-notes-aug.-2025)
  * [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
  * [WebView2](#webview2)
  * [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
      * [CSS features](#css-features)
          * [CSS custom functions](#css-custom-functions)
          * [CSS caret-animation property](#css-caret-animation-property)
          * [CSS font-width property](#css-font-width-property)
          * [Continue running transitions when switching to initial transition value](#continue-running-transitions-when-switching-to-initial-transition-value)
          * [CSS corner-shape property](#css-corner-shape-property)
          * [Support width and height presentational attributes on nested <svg> elements](#support-width-and-height-presentational-attributes-on-nested-svg-elements)
      * [Web APIs](#web-apis)
          * [request-close invoker command](#request-close-invoker-command)
          * [Allow more characters in javascript DOM APIs](#allow-more-characters-in-javascript-dom-apis)
          * [Audio level for WebRTC encoded frames](#audio-level-for-webrtc-encoded-frames)
          * [Specify a crash-reporting endpoint to receive only crash reports](#specify-a-crash-reporting-endpoint-to-receive-only-crash-reports)
          * [Fire error event instead of throwing for CSP blocked worker](#fire-error-event-instead-of-throwing-for-csp-blocked-worker)
          * [Reduce fingerprinting in Accept-Language](#reduce-fingerprinting-in-accept-language)
          * [Browser Bound Keys in the Secure Payment Confirmation API](#browser-bound-keys-in-the-secure-payment-confirmation-api)
          * [Better JSON MIME type detection](#better-json-mime-type-detection)
          * [Support the async attribute for SVG <script> elements](#support-the-async-attribute-for-svg-script-elements)
          * [WebGPU core-features-and-limits](#webgpu-core-features-and-limits)
          * [WebGPU: 3D texture support for BC and ASTC compressed formats](#webgpu-3d-texture-support-for-bc-and-astc-compressed-formats)
          * [WebXR depth sensing performance improvements](#webxr-depth-sensing-performance-improvements)
      * [PWA features](#pwa-features)
          * [Web App Manifest: specify update eligibility, icon urls are Cache-Control: immutable](#web-app-manifest-specify-update-eligibility-icon-urls-are-cache-control-immutable)
          * [Web app scope extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions)
      * [Removed features](#removed-features)
          * [Remove auto-detection of ISO-2022-JP charset in HTML](#remove-auto-detection-of-iso-2022-jp-charset-in-html)
  * [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
      * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
          * [RenderBlockingFullFrameRate](#renderblockingfullframerate)
          * [Prompt API](#prompt-api)
          * [WebGPU Compatibility Mode](#webgpu-compatibility-mode)
      * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)
          * [Web app access to LocalFolder](#web-app-access-to-localfolder)
          * [Web app scope extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions-1)
          * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
          * [MS High Contrast Deprecation](#ms-high-contrast-deprecation)
          * [AriaNotify API](#arianotify-api)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Aug 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 139)](../../devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2025/08/devtools-139.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Aug 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Aug 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS custom functions

CSS custom functions are similar to custom properties, but instead of returning a single, fixed value, they return values that are based on other custom properties, parameters, and conditionals.

The following example shows a custom function called `--negative`, which takes a single parameter `--value` and returns its negated value:

```css
@function --negative(--value) {
  result: calc(-1 * var(--value));
}
```

See also:
* [Defining Custom Functions](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-mixins-1/#defining-custom-functions) in the _CSS Functions and Mixins Module_ specification.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `caret-animation` property

Microsoft Edge supports animating the `caret-color` CSS property.  However, when animated, the default blinking behavior of the caret interfered with the animation.

The `caret-animation` property now supports two values:

* `auto`: the default browser blinking behavior occurs.
* `manual`: you control the caret animation.

See also:
* [Animation of the insertion caret: caret-animation](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-ui/#caret-animation) in _CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 4_.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `font-width` property

The `font-width` CSS property selects a font face from a font family based on width, either by a keyword such as `condensed` or a percentage.

The `font-width` property now works both in inline CSS styles and `@font-face` rules.

In addition, the `font-stretch` CSS property is now considered a legacy alias to the `font-width` propertyh. While it continues to function, it is no longer the recommended approach for controlling font width.

See also:
* [Font property descriptors: the font-style, font-weight, and font-width descriptors](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts/#font-prop-desc) in _CSS Fonts Module Level 4_.
* [font-stretch](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/font-stretch) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Continue running transitions when switching to initial transition value

This change makes Microsoft Edge consistent with other browsers by letting CSS transitions that are set to `none`, while running, continue to run.

Previously, Edge incorrectly canceled transitions when the `transition` property was set to `none`. When transition-related CSS properties change, those changes are only supposed to affect newly started transitions.

See also:
* [transition](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/transition) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS `corner-shape` property

The `corner-shape` CSS property allows you to specify the shape of the corners of an element, in addition to the existing `border-radius` property.

This allows to create shapes like squircles or notches and animating between them.

See also:
* [Corner Shaping: the corner-shape property](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-borders-4/#corner-shaping) in _CSS Borders and Box Decorations Module Level 4_.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support `width` and `height` presentational attributes on nested `<svg>` elements

You can now use the `width` and `height` presentational attributes on nested `<svg>` elements through both SVG markup and CSS. This approach provides greater flexibility, allowing you to style SVG elements more efficiently within complex designs.

With this feature the two following html code snippets now have the same output:

```html
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
  <svg style="width:50px;height:50px;">
    <circle cx="50px" cy="50px" r="40px" fill="green" />
  </svg>
</svg>
```

```html
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
  <svg width="50px" height="50px">
    <circle cx="50px" cy="50px" r="40px" fill="green" />
  </svg>
</svg>
```

See also:
* [`<svg>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element/svg) at MDN.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Web APIs


<!-- ---------- -->
###### `request-close` invoker command

The `<dialog>` element's `requestClose()` method can now also be invoked declaratively, by using the `request-close` invoker command.

The `requestClose()` method and the `request-close` invoker command are used to request the closure of a dialog element, which fires an event that allows developers to prevent the dialog from closing if necessary.

See also:
* [Invoker Commands API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Invoker_Commands_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Allow more characters in javascript DOM APIs

You can now create DOM elements and attributes with a wider variety of valid characters and names in JavaScript, matching the behavior for when the same elements and attributes are created in HTML markup.

This change aligns the JavaScript DOM APIs with the HTML parser, which allows a broader set of characters and names for elements and attributes.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Audio level for WebRTC encoded frames

The `audioLevel` value for an encoded frame transmitted via RTCPeerConnection is now available in the metadata of that frame.

The `audioLevel` value is already exposed in other APIs, such as RTCStats and RTCContributingSources, and is useful in cases such as to indicate who's talking in a video conferencing application, or to detect silence.

Having `audioLevel` as part of each frame's metadata makes detecting the audio level more accurate and efficient for applications using WebRTC Encode Transform, which work at the frame level. Applications no longer need to constantly run `getStats()` or `getContributingSources()` to get access to the audio level. The audio level now exactly corresponds to the frame being processed.

See also:
* [WebRTC API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Specify a `crash-reporting` endpoint to receive only crash reports

With the Reporting API, crash reports are delivered to the `default` endpoint, which also receives many other kinds of reports besides crash reports.

You can now specify an endpoint named `crash-reporting`, which will receive only crash reports

See also:
* [Reporting API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API)
* [Crash Reports Delivery Priority](https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting/#crash-reports-delivery-priority) in _Crash Reporting_.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Fire error event instead of throwing for CSP blocked worker

Previously, when a Content Security Policy (CSP) blocked Microsoft Edge from using a Worker or SharedWorker, the browser threw a `SecurityError` when `new Worker(url)` or `new SharedWorker(url)` were run.

Now, the CSP is checked as part of fetching the Worker or SharedWorker script and an error event is fired asynchronously instead of throwing an exception.

See also:
* [Content Security Policy (CSP)](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) at MDN.
* [Web Workers API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Reduce fingerprinting in `Accept-Language`

To reduce the amount of information that the `Accept-Language` header exposes in HTTP requests and in `navigator.languages`, instead of sending the full list of the user's preferred languages with every HTTP request, only the user's most preferred language is sent.

For now, only the `Accept-Language` HTTP header is impacted. The related `navigator.languages` JavaScript getter will be changed in the future.

See also:
* [Accept-Language header](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Accept-Language) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Browser Bound Keys in the Secure Payment Confirmation API

The Secure Payment Confirmation API can now keep up with syncing passkeys and device requirements for online payments. The Browser Bound Keys feature adds device binding in the browser to enabling payment use cases where device binding is required.

This feature is helpful to meet requirements for device binding for payment transactions.

See also:
* [Using Secure Payment Confirmation](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Payment_Request_API/Using_secure_payment_confirmation) at MDN.
* [Browser Bound Key Store](https://w3c.github.io/secure-payment-confirmation/#sctn-browser-bound-key-store) in _Secure Payment Confirmation_.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Better JSON MIME type detection

Microsoft Edge now recognizes all valid JSON MIME types as defined by the MIME Sniffing specification. This includes any MIME type whose subtype ends with `+json`, such as `text/html+json`, in addition to `application/json` and `text/json` MIME types.

This change ensures that web APIs and features that rely on JSON detection behave consistently across browsers.

See also:
* [MIME Sniffing](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support the `async` attribute for SVG `<script>` elements

The SVG `<script>` element now supports the `async` attribute, similar to the HTML `<script>` element.

The `async` attribute allows scripts to be executed asynchronously, improving the performance and responsiveness of web applications that utilize SVG.

See also:
* [`<script>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element/script), at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU `core-features-and-limits`

The `core-features-and-limits` feature string is now available when checking the features that a WebGPU adapter has.

```javascript
const adapter = await navigator.gpu.requestAdapter();
const hasCore = adapter.features.has('core-features-and-limits');
```

The `core-features-and-limits` feature signifies that the WebGPU adapter supports _core_ WebGPU.

Currently, core WebGPU is the only available version of WebGPU but a compatibility mode will be added in the future to allow older hardware to access WebGPU. When the compatibility mode becomes available, an adapter might not have the `core-features-and-limits` feature, signifying that the adapter is a compatibility mode adapter, rather than a core adapter.

See also:
* [WebGPU 'core-features-and-limits' explainer](https://gist.github.com/greggman/0dea9995e33393c546a4c2bd2a12e50e)
* [WebGPU API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU: 3D texture support for BC and ASTC compressed formats

The `texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d` and `texture-compression-astc-sliced-3d` WebGPU features add support for 3D textures using Block Compression (BC) and Adaptive Scalable Texture Compression (ASTC) formats.

This lets you use the efficient compression capabilities of BC and ASTC formats for volumetric texture data, offering significant reductions in memory footprint and bandwidth requirements without substantial loss in visual quality.

By exposing these capabilities as WebGPU features, you can explicitly check for support and provide fallback solutions or alternative rendering paths when necessary.

See also:
* [WebGPU API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API) at MDN.
* [GPUAdapter: features property](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/GPUAdapter/features) at MDN.


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebXR depth sensing performance improvements

The WebXR API now exposes several new mechanisms to customize the behavior of the depth sensing feature within a WebXR session. These mechanisms can imrpove the performance of the generation or consumption of the depth buffer.

The exposed mechanisms are:

* The ability to request the raw or smooth depth buffer.
* The ability to request that the runtime stop or resume providing the depth buffer.
* The ability to expose a depth buffer that does not align with the user's view exactly, so that the user agent doesn't need to perform unnecessary re-projections every frame.

See also:
* [WebXR Device API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API) at MDN.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### PWA features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web App Manifest: specify update eligibility, icon urls are Cache-Control: immutable

The way installed PWAs are updated is now govered by a newly specified algorithm, which makes the update process more deterministic and predictable, giving you more control over whether, and when, updates should apply to existing installations of your app.

The new update algorithm comes with the following benefits:

* Consistency: the algorithm provides a consistent way to detect when a manifest update should happen.
* Reduced user interruptions: app users will not see the update dialog more than strictly necessary, for example to confirm security-sensitive changes.
* Browser flexibility: Edge can now allow known trusted apps to update without displaying a notification and block updates for known bad apps.
* Developer control: you have more control over when the update dialog is shown to users.
* Reduce network traffic: unnecessary network traffic is minimized.

See also:
* [Predictable Web App Updating - Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/predictable-app-updating.md)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web app scope extensions

`scope_extensions` is a new web application manifest member which enables web apps to extend their scope to other origins.

Scope extensions allow web apps that rely on multiple subdomains and top-level domains to be presented as a single web app.

```json
{
  "name": "Example app",
  "display": "standalone",
  "start_url": "/index.html",
  "scope_extensions": [
    {
      "type": "type",
      "origin": "https://example.com"
    }
  ]
}
```

The origins that are listed in the `scope_extensions` member must confirm that they are associated with the web app by hosting a configuration file named `.well-known/web-app-origin-association`.  The file must list the web app's origin:

```json
{
  "https://sample-app.com/": {
    "scope": "/"
  }
}
```


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Removed features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Remove auto-detection of ISO-2022-JP charset in HTML

To improve security, auto-detection of the ISO-2022-JP charset in HTML is removed.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### RenderBlockingFullFrameRate

Expires on March 24, 2026

The feature allows the webpage to lower the frame rate during loading with the element.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/11070)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/11070)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/e43c41e4-b9d3-4128-a89f-a2e4d0de80f4)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Prompt API

Expires on March 24, 2026

Prompt API allows interacting with an AI language model using text, image, and audio inputs. It supports various use cases, from generating image captions and performing visual searches to transcribing audio, classifying sound events, generating text following specific instructions, and extracting information or insights from text. It supports structured outputs which ensure that responses adhere to a predefined format, typically expressed as a JSON schema, to enhance response conformance and facilitate seamless integration with downstream applications that require standardized output formats.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/b7d35247-b855-4b08-b237-89e7a5056117)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebGPU Compatibility Mode

Expires on April 21, 2026

WebGPU Compatibility Mode is an opt-in, lightly restricted subset of WebGPU capable of running older graphics APIs such as OpenGL and Direct3D11. The goal is to expand the reach of WebGPU applications to older devices that do not have the modern, explicit graphics APIs that core WebGPU requires.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/webgpu-compatibility-mode/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/0b40bea0-e36c-4be0-8983-254a8004a4e3)



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web app access to LocalFolder

Expires on July 31, 2025

Allows PWAs installed from the Microsoft Store to access file content that was previously stored in the WinRT `ApplicationData.LocalFolder` folder by an earlier UWP version of the same application.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/LocalFolder/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=LocalFolder+Access,OriginTrialFeedback&title=%5BLocalFolder%20Access%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/2b21a8cd-43aa-41da-810d-fad103e699dc)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web app scope extensions

Expires on August 31, 2025

`scope_extensions` is a new web application manifest member that enables web apps to extend their scope to other origins.

Scope extensions allow web apps that rely on multiple subdomains and top-level domains to be presented as a single web app.

```json
{
  "name": "Example app",
  "display": "standalone",
  "start_url": "/index.html",
  "scope_extensions": [
    {
      "type": "type",
      "origin": "https://example.com"
    }
  ]
}
```

The origins that are listed in the `scope_extensions` member must confirm that they are associated with the web app, by hosting a configuration file named `.well-known/web-app-origin-association`.  The file must list the web app's origin:

```json
{
  "https://sample-app.com/": {
    "scope": "/"
  }
}
```

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/scope_extensions-explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/559ac296-8237-4480-bd25-865b2802ca95)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Acquisition Info API

Expires on June 30, 2025.

The Acquisition Info API supports 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs that were acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### MS High Contrast Deprecation

Expires on September 9, 2025.

Enables the legacy CSS `-ms-high-contrast` media query and the legacy `-ms-high-contrast-adjust` property.

See [Deprecating support for -ms-high-contrast and -ms-high-contrast-adjust](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2024/04/29/deprecating-ms-high-contrast/).

* [Explainer](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2024/04/29/deprecating-ms-high-contrast/)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=MS+High%20Contrast,OriginTrialFeedback&title=%5BMS%20High%20Contrast%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/fa44c0d7-cb20-490b-97fa-e2559b918759)


<!-- ---------- -->
###### AriaNotify API

Expires on October 14, 2025.

The AriaNotify API enables developers to directly tell a screen reader what to read. In the simplest scenario, call `ariaNotify("foo")` on the document or an element.

See [Creating a more accessible web with Aria Notify](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2025/05/05/creating-a-more-accessible-web-with-aria-notify/).

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Accessibility/AriaNotify/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=AriaNotify,OriginTrialFeedback&title=%5BAriaNotify%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/a05622fb-4cd9-42f4-ac8d-1a2f62de139b)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
