---
title: Microsoft Edge 140 web platform release notes (Sep 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 140 web platform release notes (Sep 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 140 web platform release notes (Sep 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 140, which releases on September 4, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [Enabled features](#enabled-features)
    
    * [ARIA Notify API](#aria-notify-api)
    
    * [Add CSS width and height support for &lt;use&gt; element](#add-css-width-and-height-support-for-use-element)
    
    * [CSS caret-animation property](#css-caret-animation-property)
    
    * [CSS counter() and counters() in alt text of &#39;content&#39; property](#css-counter-and-counters-in-alt-text-of-content-property)
    
    * [CSS scroll-target-group property](#css-scroll-target-group-property)
    
    * [CSS typed arithmetic](#css-typed-arithmetic)
    
    * [Controlled Frame API (available only to IWAs)](#controlled-frame-api-available-only-to-iwas)
    
    * [Http cookie prefix](#http-cookie-prefix)
    
    * [Local network access restrictions](#local-network-access-restrictions)
    
    * [Nested view transitions](#nested-view-transitions)
    
    * [Probabilistic Reveal Tokens](#probabilistic-reveal-tokens)
    
    * [Propagate Viewport overscroll-behavior from Root](#propagate-viewport-overscroll-behavior-from-root)
    
    * [ReadableStreamBYOBReader Min Option](#readablestreambyobreader-min-option)
    
    * [Script Blocking in Incognito](#script-blocking-in-incognito)
    
    * [ScrollIntoView container option](#scrollintoview-container-option)
    
    * [ServiceWorkerAutoPreload](#serviceworkerautopreload)
    
    * [ServiceWorkerStaticRouterTimingInfo](#serviceworkerstaticroutertiminginfo)
    
    * [SharedWorker script inherit controller for blob script URL](#sharedworker-script-inherit-controller-for-blob-script-url)
    
    * [Support `download` attribute in SVG &lt;a&gt; element ](#support-download-attribute-in-svg-a-element)
    
    * [Support font-variation-settings descriptor in @font-face rule](#support-font-variation-settings-descriptor-in-font-face-rule)
    
    * [Support restrictOwnAudio](#support-restrictownaudio)
    
    * [Support width and height as presentation attributes on nested &lt;svg&gt; elements](#support-width-and-height-as-presentation-attributes-on-nested-svg-elements)
    
    * [ToggleEvent source attribute](#toggleevent-source-attribute)
    
    * [Uint8Array to/from base64 and hex](#uint8array-to-from-base64-and-hex)
    
    * [View Transition finished promise timing change](#view-transition-finished-promise-timing-change)
    
    * [View Transitions: Inherit more animation properties](#view-transitions-inherit-more-animation-properties)
    
    * [View transition pseudos inherit animation-delay.](#view-transition-pseudos-inherit-animation-delay)
    
    * [Web Speech API contextual biasing](#web-speech-api-contextual-biasing)
    
    * [highlightsFromPoint API](#highlightsfrompoint-api)
    
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    
    * [Deprecate special font size rules for H1 within some elements](#deprecate-special-font-size-rules-for-h1-within-some-elements)
    
    
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
    
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)
    
    * [Web App LocalFolder Access](#web-app-localfolder-access)
    
    * [Ms High Contrast Deprecation](#ms-high-contrast-deprecation)
    
    * [Web App Scope Extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions)
    
    * [AriaNotify API](#arianotify-api)
    
    * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
    


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Sep 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 140)](../../devtools/whats-new/2025/09/devtools-140.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Sep 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Sep 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabled features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ARIA Notify API

ariaNotify provides a JavaScript API that enables content authors to directly tell a screen reader what to read. 

ariaNotify improves reliability and developer control compared to ARIA live regions, allowing for announcing changes not tied to DOM updates. This enables more consistent and ergonomic accessibility experiences across dynamic web applications. Iframe usage of this feature can be controlled via a permission policy "aria-notify".

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Add CSS width and height support for &lt;use&gt; element

The SVG 2.0 specification introduces support for applying CSS width and height to <use> element, enabling more flexible and consistent styling of reused SVG content. This enhancement allows developers to control element sizing through CSS, improving responsiveness and aligning SVG behavior with modern web styling practices.

With this feature enabled, the following two HTML snippets will now render identically:

Using CSS Properties on the <use> element:
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
 <defs>
    <symbol id="sym" width="80" height="80">
      <rect width="100" height="100" fill="green"/>
    </symbol>
  </defs>
  <use href="#sym" style="width:40px; height:40px"/>
</svg>

Using presentation attributes on the <use> element:
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
 <defs>
    <symbol id="sym" width="80" height="80">
      <rect width="100" height="100" fill="green"/>
    </symbol>
  </defs>
  <use href="#sym" width="40" height="40"/>
</svg>

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS caret-animation property

Chromium supports animation of the caret-color property, but when animated the default blinking behavior of the caret interferes with the animation. For instance, see the example at https://drafts.csswg.org/css-ui/#caret-animation where an animation from blue to red and back is rendered as a blinking cursor that is randomly blue or red. The CSS caret-animation property has two possible values: auto and manual, where auto means browser default (blinking) and manual means the page author is controlling the caret animation. In addition, via a user stylesheet, it allows users who are disturbed by or have adverse reactions to blinking or flashing visuals to disable the blinking.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS counter() and counters() in alt text of &#39;content&#39; property

counter() and counters() in alt text of 'content' property is useful to provide more meaningful information to e.g. pseudo elements to improve their accessibility.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS scroll-target-group property

The scroll-target-group property specifies whether the element is a scroll marker group container.

'none': The element does not establish a scroll marker group container.
'auto': The element establishes a scroll marker group container forming a scroll marker group containing all of the scroll marker elements for which this is the nearest ancestor scroll marker group container.

Establishing scroll marker group container allows for anchor HTML elements with fragment identifier that are inside such container to be HTML equivalent of ::scroll-marker pseudo elements. The anchor element whose scroll target (the element its fragment identifier is pointing to) is currently in view to be styled via :target-current pseudo class.


See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS typed arithmetic

Typed arithmetic allows to write expressions in CSS such a calc(10em / 1px) or calc(20% / 0.5em * 1px) which is useful for e.g. typography, as it allows to convert typed value into an untyped one and reuse it for number accepting properties or futher multiply the unitless value by some other type to e.g. cast from pixels to degrees.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Controlled Frame API (available only to IWAs)

Adds a Controlled Frame API available only to Isolated Web Apps (IWAs).

This work adds a new Controlled Frame API which is only available to Isolated Web Apps (IWAs). Like similarly-named APIs on other platforms, Controlled Frame allows embedding all content, even third party content that can't be embedded in <iframe>. Controlled Frame also allows controlling embedded content with a collection of API methods and events.

For more info on Isolated Web Apps, see the IWA explainer: https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps/blob/main/README.md

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Http cookie prefix

There are cases where it's important to distinguish on the server side between cookies that were set by the server and ones that were set by the client.

One such case is cookies that are normally always set by the server, unless some unexpected code (an XSS exploit, a malicious extension, a commit from a confused developer, etc.) happens to set them on the client.

This proposal add a signal that would enable servers to make such a distinction.

More specifically, it defines the __Http and __HostHttp prefixes, that make sure that a cookie is not set on the client side using script.



See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Local network access restrictions

Chrome 140 restricts the ability to make requests to the user's local network, gated behind a permission prompt.

A local network request is any request from a public website to a local IP address or loopback, or from a local website (e.g. intranet) to loopback. Gating the ability for websites to perform these requests behind a permission mitigates the risk of cross-site request forgery attacks against local network devices such as routers, and reduces the ability of sites to use these requests to fingerprint the user's local network.

This permission is restricted to secure contexts. If granted, the permissions additionally relaxes mixed content blocking for local network requests (since many local devices are not able to obtain publicly trusted TLS certificates for various reasons).

This work supersedes a prior effort called "Private Network Access" (e.g., https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688, https://chromestatus.com/feature/5954091755241472) which used preflight requests to have local devices opt-in.

Enterprises that need to disable or auto-grant the permission can do so using the LocalNetworkAccessAllowedForUrls and LocalNetworkAccessBlockedForUrls policies. The value of '*' can be used to allow local network access on all URLs, matching the behavior prior to rolling out the restrictions.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Nested view transitions

Allow view-transitions to generate a nested pseudo-element tree rather than a flat one.

This allows the view transition to appear more in line with its original elements and visual intent, as it enables clipping, nested 3D transforms, and proper application of effects like opacity, masking and filters.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Probabilistic Reveal Tokens

To ensure that all businesses can continue to estimate the amount of fraud on their systems, train models to defend against fraud, and analyze emerging fraudulent behavior while still mitigating the ability to track users at scale using IP addresses, we propose to introduce a delayed IP sampling mechanism called Probabilistic Reveal Tokens (PRTs) alongside IP Protection for use in protected traffic.

PRTs will be included on proxied requests in a new HTTP header added by the browser for domains that indicate they want to receive them via a signup process. Each PRT will contain a ciphertext, generated by an Issuer and re-randomized for unlinkability by the browser prior to the request, that the recipient can decrypt after a delay. Google will be the issuer for Chrome's implementation. A minority of the decrypted PRTs contain the client's pre-proxy IP address (i.e. non-masked, and as observed by the token issuer), while the remaining PRTs provide no information about the client's original IP address. This results in only a small percent of PRTs containing and revealing the user's IP.

Since PRTs will only be attached when IP Protection is enabled, admins can use the PrivacySandboxIpProtectionEnabled policy to control IP Protection and PRTs.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Propagate Viewport overscroll-behavior from Root

Propagate overscroll-behavior from the root instead of the body.

The CSS working group resolved[0] on not propagating  properties from the <body> to the viewport. Rather, properties of the viewport are to be propagated from the root (i.e. <html>) element e.g. scroll-behavior[1], scroll-snap-type[2], scroll-padding[3]. As such, overscroll-behavior should be propagated from the root element. However, Chrome has had a longstanding issue of propagating overscroll-behavior from the <body> rather than the root, which deviates from the behavior of Safari(WebKit) and Firefox(Gecko). This feature intends to fix this by propagating overscroll-behavior from the root rather than the <body>.

[0]  https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/6079#issuecomment-816307011
[1] https://drafts.csswg.org/css-overflow/#:~:text=not%20propagated%20to%20the%20viewport
[2] https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#:~:text=not%20propagated%20from%20HTML%20body
[3] https://drafts.csswg.org/css-scroll-snap/#:~:text=padding%20values%20are%20not%20propagated%20from%20HTML%20body



See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ReadableStreamBYOBReader Min Option

This feature introduces a min option to the existing ReadableStreamBYOBReader.read(view) API. The API already accepts a ArrayBufferView into which data is read, but currently does not guarantee how many elements will be written before the read resolves.

The min option is an additive, opt-in enhancement - it does not affect existing behavior for applications that don’t use it. By specifying a min value, developers can require that the stream wait until at least that many elements are available before resolving the read. This improves upon the current behavior, where reads may resolve with fewer elements than the view can hold.



See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Script Blocking in Incognito

Mitigating API Misuse for Browser Re-Identification, otherwise known as Script Blocking, is a feature that will block scripts engaging in known, prevalent techniques for browser re-identification in third-party contexts. These techniques typically involve the misuse of existing browser APIs to extract additional information about the user's browser or device characteristics.

This feature uses a list-based approach, where only domains marked as “Impacted by Script Blocking” on the Masked Domain List (MDL) in a third-party context will be impacted.

When the feature is enabled, Chrome will check network requests against the blocklist. We will reuse Chromium's subresource_filter component, which is responsible for tagging and filtering subresource requests based on page-level activation signals, and a ruleset is used to match URLs for filtering.

The enterprise policy name is PrivacySandboxFingerprintingProtectionEnabled.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ScrollIntoView container option

The ScrollIntoViewOptions container option allows developers to perform a scrollIntoView only scrolling the nearest ancestor scroll container. For example, the following snippet only scrolls the scroll container of target to bring target into view, but will not scroll all of the scroll containers to the viewport:

target.scrollIntoView({container: 'nearest'});

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ServiceWorkerAutoPreload

ServiceWorkerAutoPreload is a mode where the browser issues the network request in parallel with the service worker bootstrap, and consumes the network request result inside the fetch handler if the fetch handler returns the response with `respondWith()`. If the fetch handler result is fallback, it passes the network response directly to the browser.  ServiceWorkerAutoPreload is defined as an optional browser optimization, which will change the existing service worker behavior.

We expect the impact on Enterprise is low, but the temporary enterprise policy called ServiceWorkerAutoPreloadEnabled will be added to control this feature.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ServiceWorkerStaticRouterTimingInfo

Adds timing information for ServiceWorker Static routing API, exposed in navigation timing API and resource timing API for developer use.

Service Worker provides timing information to mark certain points in time. We add two Static routing API-relevant timing information: RouterEvaluationStart, time to start matching a request with registered router rules, and CacheLookupStart, time to start looking up the cache storage if the source is "cache". In addition, we also add two router source information, the matched router source and the final router source.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### SharedWorker script inherit controller for blob script URL

According to https://w3c.github.io/ServiceWorker/#control-and-use-worker-client, workers should inherit controllers for the blob URL.  However, existing code allows only dedicated workers to inherit the controller, and shared workers do not inherit the controller.

This is the fix to make Chromium behavior adjust to the specification.

An enterprise policy SharedWorkerBlobURLFixEnabled is available to control this feature.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support `download` attribute in SVG &lt;a&gt; element 

This feature introduces support for the download attribute on the SVGAElement interface in Chromium, aligning with the SVG 2 specification. The download attribute enables authors to specify that the target of an SVG hyperlink should be downloaded rather than navigated to, mirroring the behavior already supported in HTMLAnchorElement. This enhancement promotes interoperability across major browsers and ensures consistent behavior between HTML and SVG link elements, thereby improving developer experience and user expectations.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support font-variation-settings descriptor in @font-face rule

As CSS allows developers to adjust a font’s weight, width, slant, and other axes using the `font-variation-settings` property on individual elements, Chromium-based browsers lack support for this property within `@font-face` declarations. 

This feature supports the string-based syntax for 'font-variation-settings' as defined in CSS Fonts Level 4. Invalid or unrecognized feature tags will be ignored per specification. No binary or non-standard forms are supported.

As variable fonts become more widely adopted for both performance and typographic flexibility, adding support for this descriptor in Chromium would enhance control, reduce repetition, and support a more scalable, modern approach to web typography.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support restrictOwnAudio

restrictOwnAudio is a captured display surfaces constrainable property. This constrainable property changes the behavior of system audio in a captured display surface. The restrictOwnAudio constraint will only have an effect if the captured display surface inherently includes system audio; otherwise, it will have no impact.

By default, when system audio is captured, it includes all audio played out by the system on audio output devices. When restrictOwnAudio is enabled, the captured system audio will be filtered to exclude audio originating from the document that performed getDisplayMedia.

The restrictOwnAudio constraint allows for cleaner screen recordings for some use cases. Without it, if the capturing web page itself is playing audio (e.g. a video embedded on the on the recording page), that audio would be included in the capture. This could lead to an undesirable echo or interfere with the intended audio sources from other tabs or applications.

The restrictOwnAudio constrainable property is described in the specification.
https://www.w3.org/TR/screen-capture/#dfn-restrictownaudio

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support width and height as presentation attributes on nested &lt;svg&gt; elements

This feature supports applying width and height as presentation attributes on nested <svg> elements through both SVG markup and CSS. This dual approach provides even greater flexibility for developers, allowing them to manage and style SVG elements more efficiently within complex designs.

With this feature the below two html will now have the same output:

With CSS Properties for nested <svg> element:
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
  <svg style="width:50px;height:50px;">
    <circle cx="50px" cy="50px" r="40px" fill="green" />
  </svg>
</svg>

Without CSS Properties for nested <svg> element:
<svg width="100px" height="100px">
  <svg width="50px" height="50px">
    <circle cx="50px" cy="50px" r="40px" fill="green" />
  </svg>
</svg>

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ToggleEvent source attribute

The source attribute of ToggleEvents contains the element which triggered the ToggleEvent to be fired, if applicable. For example, if a button element with the popovertarget or commandfor attribute set up to open a popover is clicked by the user, then the ToggleEvent fired on the popover will have its source attribute set to the invoking button.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Uint8Array to/from base64 and hex

base64 is a common way to represent arbitrary binary data as ASCII. JavaScript has Uint8Arrays to work with binary data, but no built-in mechanism to encode that data as base64, nor to take base64'd data and produce a corresponding Uint8Arrays. This is a proposal to fix that. It also adds methods for converting between hex strings and Uint8Arrays.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### View Transition finished promise timing change

The current finished promise timing happens within the rendering lifecycle steps. This means that code that runs as a result of promise resolution happens after the visual frame that removes the view transition has been produced. This can cause a flicker at the end of the animation if script moves some styles around in an attempt to preserve visually similar state (e.g. https://vmpstr.github.io/htmldemos/vt/flicker.html)

This change rectifies the situation by moving the ViewTransition clean up steps to run asynchronously after the lifecycle is completed. This ensures that visual frame produced at finished promise resolution still maintains the View Transition structure, allowing developers to avoid the flicker.

More info: https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/12442

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### View Transitions: Inherit more animation properties

Similar to https://chromestatus.com/feature/5424291457531904, which inherited animation-delay, this feature adds more animation properties to inherit through the view transition pseudo tree based on resolution in https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/11546#issuecomment-3005503138:
* animation-timing-function
* animation-iteration-count
* animation-direction
* animation-play-state

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### View transition pseudos inherit animation-delay.

View Transitions project adds a tree of pseudo elements that have various animations applied to them. For ease of development and customization some niceties are provided, such as inheriting animation-duration.

This feature adds another nicety: inherit animation-delay.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web Speech API contextual biasing

This feature enables websites to support contextual biasing for speech recognition by adding a recognition phrase list to the Web Speech API.

Developers can provide a list of phrases as well as updating them to apply a bias to the speech recognition models in favor of those phrases. This helps improve accuracy and relevance for domain-specific and personalized speech recognition. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### highlightsFromPoint API

The highlightsFromPoint API enables developers to interact with custom highlights by detecting which highlights exist at a specific point within a document. This interactivity is valuable for complex web features where multiple highlights may overlap or exist within shadow DOM. By providing precise point-based highlight detection, the API empowers developers to manage dynamic interactions with custom highlights more effectively, such as responding to user clicks or hover events on highlighted regions to trigger custom tooltips, context menus, or other interactive features. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Deprecate special font size rules for H1 within some elements

The HTML spec contains a list of special rules for <h1> tags nested within <article>, <aside>, <nav>, or <section> tags:

https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/rendering.html#sections-and-headings

These special rules are deprecated, because they cause accessibility issues. Namely, they visually reduce the font size for nested <h1>s so that they "look" like <h2>s, but nothing in the accessibility tree reflects this demotion.




<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web App LocalFolder Access

Expires on July 31, 2025.

Allows Microsoft Store-installed PWA&#39;s to access file content previously stored in the WinRT ApplicationData.LocalFolder folder by an earlier UWP version of the application.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/LocalFolder/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=LocalFolder+Access,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BLocalFolder%20Access%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/2b21a8cd-43aa-41da-810d-fad103e699dc)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ms High Contrast Deprecation

Expires on August 7, 2025.

Enable legacy CSS -ms-high-contrast media query and -ms-high-contrast-adjust property.

* [Explainer](https://blogs.windows.com/msedgedev/2024/04/29/deprecating-ms-high-contrast/)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=MS+High%20Contrast,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BMS%20High%20Contrast%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/fa44c0d7-cb20-490b-97fa-e2559b918759)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web App Scope Extensions

Expires on August 31, 2025.

Adds a &quot;scope_extensions&quot; app manifest member that enables web apps to extend their scope to other origins. This allows sites that control multiple subdomains and top level domains to be presented as a single web app.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/scope_extensions-explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/559ac296-8237-4480-bd25-865b2802ca95)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### AriaNotify API

Expires on October 14, 2025.

The AriaNotify API enables developers to directly tell a screen reader what to read.  In the simplest scenario, call ariaNotify(&quot;foo&quot;) on the document or element.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Accessibility/AriaNotify/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=AriaNotify,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAriaNotify%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/a05622fb-4cd9-42f4-ac8d-1a2f62de139b)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Acquisition Info API

Expires on December 18, 2025.

Support 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)




<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
