---
title: Microsoft Edge 141 web platform release notes (Oct 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 141 web platform release notes (Oct 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 141 web platform release notes (Oct 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 141, which releases on October 2, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [Web platform features](#web-platform-features)
  * [Enabled features](#enabled-features)
    
    * [ARIA Notify API](#aria-notify-api)
    
    * [CSS find-in-page highlight pseudos](#css-find-in-page-highlight-pseudos)
    
    * [DataTransfer property for insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop and insertReplacementText input events](#datatransfer-property-for-insertfrompaste-insertfromdrop-and-insertreplacementtext-input-events)
    
    * [Digital Credentials API (presentation support)](#digital-credentials-api-presentation-support)
    
    * [FedCM: Alternative Fields in Account Selection](#fedcm-alternative-fields-in-account-selection)
    
    * [IndexedDB getAllRecords() and direction option for getAll()/getAllKeys()](#indexeddb-getallrecords-and-direction-option-for-getall-getallkeys)
    
    * [Local network access restrictions](#local-network-access-restrictions)
    
    * [Navigation API: deferred commit (precommit handlers)](#navigation-api-deferred-commit-precommit-handlers)
    
    * [Origin-Bound Cookies (by default)](#origin-bound-cookies-by-default)
    
    * [Permissions Policy for Device Attributes API](#permissions-policy-for-device-attributes-api)
    
    * [Private Aggregation API: aggregate error reporting](#private-aggregation-api-aggregate-error-reporting)
    
    * [Range syntax for style container queries and if()](#range-syntax-for-style-container-queries-and-if)
    
    * [Signature-based Integrity](#signature-based-integrity)
    
    * [Speculation rules: desktop &quot;eager&quot; eagerness improvements](#speculation-rules-desktop-eager-eagerness-improvements)
    
    * [Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API](#strict-same-origin-policy-for-storage-access-api)
    
    * [Support restrictOwnAudio](#support-restrictownaudio)
    
    * [Update hidden=until-found and details ancestor revealing algorithm](#update-hidden-until-found-and-details-ancestor-revealing-algorithm)
    
    * [Web Speech API contextual biasing](#web-speech-api-contextual-biasing)
    
    * [WebRTC Encoded Tansform (V2)](#webrtc-encoded-tansform-v2)
    
    * [activeViewTransition property on document](#activeviewtransition-property-on-document)
    
    * [echoCancellationMode for getUserMedia()](#echocancellationmode-for-getusermedia)
    
    * [windowAudio for getDisplayMedia()](#windowaudio-for-getdisplaymedia)
    
  * [Deprecated and removed features](#deprecated-and-removed-features)
    
    
* [Origin trials](#origin-trials)
  * [New Chromium origin trials](#new-chromium-origin-trials)
    
  * [Microsoft Edge-only origin trials](#microsoft-edge-only-origin-trials)
    
    * [Web App Scope Extensions](#web-app-scope-extensions)
    
    * [AriaNotify API](#arianotify-api)
    
    * [Ad Selection API](#ad-selection-api)
    
    * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
    


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Oct 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 141)](../../devtools/whats-new/2025/10/devtools-141.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Oct 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Oct 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web platform features


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enabled features


<!-- ---------- -->
###### ARIA Notify API

ariaNotify provides a JavaScript API that enables content authors to directly tell a screen reader what to read. 

ariaNotify improves reliability and developer control compared to ARIA live regions, allowing for announcing changes not tied to DOM updates. This enables more consistent and ergonomic accessibility experiences across dynamic web applications. Iframe usage of this feature can be controlled via a permission policy "aria-notify".

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### CSS find-in-page highlight pseudos

Exposes find-in-page search result styling to authors as a highlight pseudo-element, like selection and spelling errors. This allows authors to change the foreground and background colors or add text decorations, which can be especially useful if the UA defaults have insufficient contrast with the page colors or are otherwise unsuitable.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### DataTransfer property for insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop and insertReplacementText input events

Populate the dataTransfer property on input events with inputType of insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop, and insertReplacementText to provide access to clipboard and drag-drop data during editing operations in contenteditable elements.

The dataTransfer object contains the same data that was available during the beforeinput event.

This feature only applies to contenteditable elements. For form controls (textarea, input), the behavior remains unchanged - the data property contains the inserted text and dataTransfer remains null.
Both Safari and Firefox already support this functionality. Chromium adopting this feature will enhance interoperability across browsers, providing a more consistent experience for web authors.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Digital Credentials API (presentation support)

Websites can and do get credentials from mobile wallet apps through a variety of mechanisms today (custom URL handlers, QR code scanning, etc.).  This Web Platform feature would allow sites to request identity information from wallets via Android's IdentityCredential CredMan system. It is extensible to support multiple credential formats (eg. ISO mDoc and W3C verifiable credential) and allows multiple wallet apps to be used. Mechanisms are being added to help reduce the risk of ecosystem-scale abuse of real-world identity (see https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1L68tmNXCQXucsCV8eS8CBd_F9FZ6TNwKNOaFkA8RfwI/edit).


See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### FedCM: Alternative Fields in Account Selection

Adds support for phone numbers and usernames, in addition to or instead of a user's full name and email address as identifiers for disambiguating accounts in the account selector. Also, makes these new fields available for websites to affect the disclosure text.


See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### IndexedDB getAllRecords() and direction option for getAll()/getAllKeys()

This feature adds the getAllRecords() API to IndexedDB's IDBObjectStore and IDBIndex.  It also adds a direction parameter to getAll() and getAllKeys().  This functionality enables certain read patterns to be significantly faster when compared to the existing alternative of iteration with cursors.  One key workload from a Microsoft property showed a 350ms improvement. 

getAllRecords() effectively combines getAllKeys() and getAll() by enumerating both primary keys and values at the same time. For an IDBIndex, getAllRecords() also provides the record's index key in addition to the primary key and value.

getAllRecords() can optionally return records in either ascending or descending order.  This option is also back-ported to the existing operations getAll() and getAllKeys().

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Local network access restrictions

Chrome 141 restricts the ability to make requests to the user's local network, gated behind a permission prompt.

A local network request is any request from a public website to a local IP address or loopback, or from a local website (e.g. intranet) to loopback. Gating the ability for websites to perform these requests behind a permission mitigates the risk of cross-site request forgery attacks against local network devices such as routers, and reduces the ability of sites to use these requests to fingerprint the user's local network.

This permission is restricted to secure contexts. If granted, the permissions additionally relaxes mixed content blocking for local network requests (since many local devices are not able to obtain publicly trusted TLS certificates for various reasons).

This work supersedes a prior effort called "Private Network Access" (e.g., https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688, https://chromestatus.com/feature/5954091755241472) which used preflight requests to have local devices opt-in.

Enterprises that need to disable or auto-grant the permission can do so using the LocalNetworkAccessAllowedForUrls and LocalNetworkAccessBlockedForUrls policies. The value of '*' can be used to allow local network access on all URLs, matching the behavior prior to rolling out the restrictions. At launch, the policies can be set using custom configurations.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Navigation API: deferred commit (precommit handlers)

Normally, when navigateEvent.intercept() is called, the intercepted navigation commits (and therefore the URL updates) as soon as the NavigateEvent finishes dispatch.

Adding a `precommitHandler` option to navigateEvent.intercept(), similar to `handler`, would defer the commit until that handler (and all other precommit handlers) are resolved, also allowing the handler to change the navigation's URL, info, status, and history handling behavior (push/replace).

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Origin-Bound Cookies (by default)

In Chrome 141, cookies are bound to their setting origin (by default) such that they're only accessible by that origin i.e. sent on a request or visible through `document.cookie`.

Cookies may ease the host and port binding restrictions through use of the `Domain` attribute but all cookies will be bound to their setting scheme.

Temporary enterprise policies LegacyCookieScopeEnabled and LegacyCookieScopeEnabledForDomainList are available to revert this change. These policies will stop working in Chrome 150. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Permissions Policy for Device Attributes API

The new Permissions Policy enables restricting access to the Device Attributes API, which is available only for policy-installed kiosk web apps and policy-installed Isolated Web Apps, both only on managed ChromeOS devices.

Additionally, the feature is controlled by content settings. 2 new policies are introduced: DeviceAttributesBlockedForOrigins and DefaultDeviceAttributesSetting, to complement the introduced earlier DeviceAttributesAllowedForOrigins. The feature is enabled by default for the supported scenarios described above.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Private Aggregation API: aggregate error reporting

There are a range of error conditions that can be hit when using the Private Aggregation API. For example, the privacy budget could run out, preventing any further histogram contributions. This feature allows developers to register histogram contributions that should only be sent if a particular type of error occurs.

This feature supports measuring the frequency of the error conditions and to split these measurements on relevant developer-specified dimensions (e.g. version of deployed code). As the errors themselves may be cross-site information, we cannot simply expose them to the page for users without third-party cookies. Instead, this feature reuses the existing aggregate, noised reporting pipelines through the Aggregation Service.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Range syntax for style container queries and if()

This feature enhances CSS style queries and the if() function by adding support for range syntax.

This extends style queries beyond exact value matching (e.g., style(--theme: dark)). Developers can now use comparison operators (>, <, etc.) to compare custom properties, literal values (like 10px or 25%), and values from substitution functions like attr() and env(). For a comparison to be valid, both sides must resolve to the same data type. This is limited to the following numeric types: <length>, <number>, <percentage>, <angle>, <time>, <frequency>, and <resolution>.

This allows for creating more dynamic components that adapt based on a range of inputs, not just predefined states.

Examples:

/* Compare a custom property against a literal length */
@container style(--inner-padding > 1em) {
  .card { border: 2px solid; }
}

/* Compare two literal values */
@container style(1em < 20px) {
  ...
}

/* Using style ranges in if() */
.item-grid {
  background-color: if(style(attr(data-columns, type<number>) > 2): lightblue; else: white);
}

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Signature-based Integrity

This feature provides web developers with a mechanism to verify the provenance of resources they depend upon, creating a technical foundation for trust in a site's dependencies. In short: servers can sign responses with a Ed25519 key pair, and web developers can require the user agent to verify the signature using a specific public key. This offers a helpful addition to URL-based checks offered by Content Security Policy on the one hand, and Subresource Integrity's content-based checks on the other.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Speculation rules: desktop &quot;eager&quot; eagerness improvements

On desktop, "eager" eagerness speculation rules prefetches and prerenders now trigger when users hover on a link for a shorter time than the "moderate" mouse hover time.

The previous behavior, of starting prefetch/prerenders as soon as possible, was the same as "immediate" eagerness. This new behavior is more useful as it better reflects the author's intent to be more eager than the "moderate" and less eager than "immediate".

More detail on this and other upcoming improvements to speculation rules eagerness are available at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YPbtUPfZIDElzBZNx8IQMzRFvy8oauLG_i1XIr6jgTs/edit?usp=sharing.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Strict Same Origin Policy for Storage Access API

Adjusts the Storage Access API semantics to strictly follow the Same Origin Policy, w.r.t. security. I.e., using document.requestStorageAccess() in a frame only attaches cookies to requests to the iframe's origin (not site) by default.

Note: the CookiesAllowedForUrls policy and/or Storage Access Headers may still be used to unblock cross-site cookies.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Support restrictOwnAudio

restrictOwnAudio is a captured display surfaces constrainable property. This constrainable property changes the behavior of system audio in a captured display surface. The restrictOwnAudio constraint will only have an effect if the captured display surface inherently includes system audio; otherwise, it will have no impact.

By default, when system audio is captured, it includes all audio played out by the system on audio output devices. When restrictOwnAudio is enabled, the captured system audio will be filtered to exclude audio originating from the document that performed getDisplayMedia.

The restrictOwnAudio constraint allows for cleaner screen recordings for some use cases. Without it, if the capturing web page itself is playing audio (e.g. a video embedded on the on the recording page), that audio would be included in the capture. This could lead to an undesirable echo or interfere with the intended audio sources from other tabs or applications.

The restrictOwnAudio constrainable property is described in the specification.
https://www.w3.org/TR/screen-capture/#dfn-restrictownaudio

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Update hidden=until-found and details ancestor revealing algorithm

The spec recently had some small changes to the revealing algorithms for hidden=until-found and details elements in order to prevent the browser from getting stuck in an infinite loop: https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/11457

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web Speech API contextual biasing

This feature enables websites to support contextual biasing for speech recognition by adding a recognition phrase list to the Web Speech API.

Developers can provide a list of phrases as well as updating them to apply a bias to the speech recognition models in favor of those phrases. This helps improve accuracy and relevance for domain-specific and personalized speech recognition. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### WebRTC Encoded Tansform (V2)

This API allows processing of encoded media flowing through an RTCPeerConnection.
Chromium shipped an early version of this API in 2020.
Since then, the spec has changed and other browsers have shipped the updated version of the spec (Safari in 2022 and Firefox in 2023).
This launch refers to the latest spec version and is part of Interop 2025.

This launch does not cover the generateKeyFrame method, which is still under discussion
https://github.com/w3c/webrtc-encoded-transform/issues/143
https://github.com/w3c/webrtc-encoded-transform/issues/271
https://github.com/w3c/webrtc-encoded-transform/pull/269

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### activeViewTransition property on document

View Transitions API allows developers to start visual transitions between different states. The primary SPA entry point to this is `startViewTransition()` which returns a transition object. This object contains several promises and functionality to track the transition progress, as well as allow manipulations such as skipping the transition or modifying its types.

The proposal here is ergonomic in nature: instead of requiring that users store this object in some sort of way for easy access, provide a `document.activeViewTransition` property that represents this object, or null if there is no transition ongoing.

Note this similarly applies to MPA transitions, where the object is only available via `pageswap` and `pagereveal` events. In this proposal `document.activeViewTransition` would be set to this object for the duration of the transition.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### echoCancellationMode for getUserMedia()

Extends echoCancellation behavior of MediaTrackConstraints dictionary - former true/false - by values "all" and "remote-only". Allows the clients to modify echo cancellation behavior applied to audio tracks received from microphones, controlling how much of the user system playout  (all, or only audio received from PeerConnections) is removed from the microphone signal.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ---------- -->
###### windowAudio for getDisplayMedia()

Extends DisplayMediaStreamOptions for getDisplayMedia() with a windowAudio option. This new option allows web applications to hint to the user agent whether the user should be offered the ability to share audio when a window is selected. windowAudio can be set to exclude, system, or window based on application preference.

A web application that is configured for audio capture but wants to limit system audio capture when a window is selected should set windowAudio: "exclude".

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated and removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**





<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials

The following are new experimental APIs which you can try on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### New Chromium origin trials



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Microsoft Edge-only origin trials


<!-- ---------- -->
###### Web App Scope Extensions

Expires on August 31, 2025.

Adds a &quot;scope_extensions&quot; app manifest member that enables web apps to extend their scope to other origins. This allows sites that control multiple subdomains and top level domains to be presented as a single web app.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/blob/gh-pages/scope_extensions-explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/manifest-incubations/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/559ac296-8237-4480-bd25-865b2802ca95)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### AriaNotify API

Expires on October 14, 2025.

The AriaNotify API enables developers to directly tell a screen reader what to read.  In the simplest scenario, call ariaNotify(&quot;foo&quot;) on the document or element.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Accessibility/AriaNotify/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=AriaNotify,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAriaNotify%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/a05622fb-4cd9-42f4-ac8d-1a2f62de139b)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Ad Selection API

Expires on November 30, 2025.

Provides user-relevant ads on your site without using third-party cookies.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/Ad%20Selection%20Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/issues/new?labels=Ad+Selection%20API,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAd%20Selection%20API%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/ffe94e9d-436d-46e6-9144-43abd7bf8c75)



<!-- ---------- -->
###### Acquisition Info API

Expires on December 18, 2025.

Support 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)




<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
