---
title: Microsoft Edge 143 web platform release notes (Dec 2025)
description: Microsoft Edge 143 web platform release notes (Dec 2025)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 143 web platform release notes (Dec 2025)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 143, which releases on December 4, 2025.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [CSS/SVG/Web API features](#csssvgweb-api-features)
  
  * [AccentColor and AccentColorText system colors](#accentcolor-and-accentcolortext-system-colors)
  
  * [Allow more characters in javascript DOM APIs](#allow-more-characters-in-javascript-dom-apis)
  
  * [CSS Anchored Fallback Container Queries](#css-anchored-fallback-container-queries)
  
  * [Clipboardchange event](#clipboardchange-event)
  
  * [DataTransfer property for insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop and insertReplacementText input events](#datatransfer-property-for-insertfrompaste-insertfromdrop-and-insertreplacementtext-input-events)
  
  * [EditContext: TextFormat underlineStyle and underlineThickness](#editcontext-textformat-underlinestyle-and-underlinethickness)
  
  * [Enhanced support for presentation attributes on &lt;use&gt; and &lt;symbol&gt; elements](#enhanced-support-for-presentation-attributes-on-use-and-symbol-elements)
  
  * [FedCM—Support Structured JSON Responses from IdPs](#fedcm-support-structured-json-responses-from-idps)
  
  * [HTMLElement: accessKeyLabel](#htmlelement-accesskeylabel)
  
  * [ICU 77 (supporting Unicode 16)](#icu-77-supporting-unicode-16)
  
  * [IDNA ContextJ rules](#idna-contextj-rules)
  
  * [Implement CSS property font-language-override](#implement-css-property-font-language-override)
  
  * [Origin-Bound Cookies (by default)](#origin-bound-cookies-by-default)
  
  * [Web App Manifest: specify update eligibility, icon urls are Cache-Control: immutable](#web-app-manifest-specify-update-eligibility-icon-urls-are-cache-control-immutable)
  
  * [Web Smart Card API](#web-smart-card-api)
  
  * [WebTransport Application Protocol Negotiation](#webtransport-application-protocol-negotiation)
  
* [Deprecated or removed features](#deprecated-or-removed-features)
  
  * [Deprecate getters of Intl Locale Info](#deprecate-getters-of-intl-locale-info)
  
  * [Deprecating savedTabGroups as individual value in SyncTypesListDisabled](#deprecating-savedtabgroups-as-individual-value-in-synctypeslistdisabled)
  
  
* [Origin trials in Microsoft Edge](#origin-trials-in-microsoft-edge)
  
  * [Ad Selection API](#ad-selection-api)
  
  * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
  
* [Chromium origin trials](#chromium-origin-trials)
  
  * [Soft Navigation Heuristics](#soft-navigation-heuristics)
  
  * [WebAssembly Custom Descriptors](#webassembly-custom-descriptors)
  
  * [Immediate Mediation for Passkeys and Passwords](#immediate-mediation-for-passkeys-and-passwords)
  
  * [CrashReportingStorageAPI](#crashreportingstorageapi)
  
  * [WebGPU Compatibility Mode](#webgpu-compatibility-mode)
  
  * [Proofreader API](#proofreader-api)
  
  * [Fetch retry](#fetch-retry)
  
  * [Prompt API](#prompt-api)
  
  * [Incoming Call Notifications](#incoming-call-notifications)
  
  * [Extended lifetime shared workers](#extended-lifetime-shared-workers)
  
  * [Device Bound Session Credentials 2](#device-bound-session-credentials-2)
  
  * [RenderBlockingFullFrameRate](#renderblockingfullframerate)
  
  * [Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts](#local-network-access-from-non-secure-contexts)
  
  * [SharedWorker on Android](#sharedworker-on-android)
  
  * [URL and eval hashes in CSP script-src](#url-and-eval-hashes-in-csp-script-src)
  


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Dec 2025, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 143)](../../devtools/whats-new/2025/12/devtools-143.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Dec 2025, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Dec 2025).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## CSS/SVG/Web API features



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### AccentColor and AccentColorText system colors

The AccentColor and AccentColorText system colors can be used in CSS to access the system accent color specified on the user's device.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Allow more characters in javascript DOM APIs

The HTML parser has always (or for a long time) allowed elements and attributes to have a wide variety of valid characters and names, but the javascript DOM APIs to create the same elements and attributes are more strict and don't match the parser.

This change relaxes the validation of the javascript DOM APIs to match the HTML parser.

More context here: https://github.com/whatwg/dom/issues/849

I don't anticipate any compat issues from this change because all of the previously allowed element/attribute names are still allowed with the new behavior.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS Anchored Fallback Container Queries

Introduce @container anchored(fallback) to style descendants of anchor positioned elements based on which of position-try-fallbacks is applied.

Such queries can be used to e.g. style an anchored element's tether, its animations, etc. based on how the anchor and the anchored element are positioned relative to each other.

Example:

#anchored {
  position-try-options: flip-block;
  container-type: anchored;
}
@container anchored(fallback: flip-block) {
  #anchored > .arrow {
    --arrow-rotation: 180deg;
  }
}


See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Clipboardchange event

The "clipboardchange" event fires whenever the system clipboard contents are changed either by a web app or any other system application. This allows web-apps like remote desktop clients to keep their clipboards synchronized with the system clipboard. It provides an efficient alternative to polling the clipboard(using Javascript) for changes.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### DataTransfer property for insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop and insertReplacementText input events

Populate the dataTransfer property on input events with inputType of insertFromPaste, insertFromDrop, and insertReplacementText to provide access to clipboard and drag-drop data during editing operations in contenteditable elements.

The dataTransfer object contains the same data that was available during the beforeinput event.

This feature only applies to contenteditable elements. For form controls (textarea, input), the behavior remains unchanged - the data property contains the inserted text and dataTransfer remains null.
Both Safari and Firefox already support this functionality. Chromium adopting this feature will enhance interoperability across browsers, providing a more consistent experience for web authors.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### EditContext: TextFormat underlineStyle and underlineThickness

Chromium shipped https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EditContext with a bug where the https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/TextFormat object supplied by the https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EditContext/textformatupdate_event provides incorrect values for the underlineStyle and underlineThickness properties. In Chromium the possible values are {“None”, “Solid”, “Dotted”, “Dashed”, “Squiggle”} and {“None”, “Thin”, “Thick”}, when per https://w3c.github.io/edit-context/#dom-underlinestyle they should be {“none”, “solid”, “dotted”, “dashed”, “wavy”} and {“none”, “thin”, “thick”}. This Intent covers switching TextFormat.underlineStyle and TextFormat.underlineThickness to use the spec values.

This change is valuable because it aligns these attributes with existing CSS https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-style and the https://www.w3.org/TR/design-principles/#casing-rules. Since the purpose of the TextFormat properties is to be used in applying these text styles to text being composed on behalf of an IME, it will be more convenient for developers if the underlineStyle value can be applied directly from the event to CSS without need for a remapping. For both underlineStyle and underlineThickness, matching the platform lower-case convention will reduce the likelihood of developer confusion.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enhanced support for presentation attributes on &lt;use&gt; and &lt;symbol&gt; elements

This feature ensures consistent rendering of the <use> element when using width and height via both CSS and presentation attributes. It also adds support for x, y, width, and height on <symbol>, giving developers better control over layout.

Before:
Only CSS-based width and height on <use> were supported; presentation attributes were ignored or inconsistent.

Now:
<use> supports width and height as presentation attributes.
<symbol> supports x, y, width, and height as presentation attributes.

This ensures consistent rendering across CSS and markup.

Before:
<svg width="100" height="100">
 <defs>
    <symbol id="sym">
      <rect width="100" height="100" fill="green"/>
    </symbol>
  </defs>
  <use href="#sym" style="width:40; height:40"/>
</svg>

Now:
<svg width="100" height="100">
 <defs>
    <symbol id="sym" width="80" height="80" x="10" y="10">
      <rect width="100" height="100" fill="green"/>
    </symbol>
  </defs>
  <use href="#sym" width="40" height="40"/>
</svg>

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### FedCM—Support Structured JSON Responses from IdPs

Allows Identity Providers (IdPs) to return structured JSON objects instead of plain strings to Relying Parties (RPs) via the id_assertion_endpoint.

This change simplifies integration for developers by eliminating the need to manually serialize and parse JSON strings. It enables more dynamic and flexible authentication flows, allowing RPs to interpret complex responses directly and support varied protocols like OAuth2, OIDC, or IndieAuth without out-of-band agreements.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### HTMLElement: accessKeyLabel

The HTMLElement.accessKeyLabel read-only property returns a human-readable string representing the actual keyboard shortcut assigned to the element by the browser, based on the user’s platform and browser. If no access key is assigned, it returns an empty string.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### ICU 77 (supporting Unicode 16)

ICU is not a feature itself, but the third-party library we use for general Unicode support. We are using the Blink launch process because there is web compat risk and security considerations.

The upgrade is from ICU 74.2 to ICU 77.1, the current latest release.

ICU 77 contains CLDR 47 and other changes to support Unicode 16.

The web-exposed changes are mainly the Intl and RegExp APIs, IDNA rules for URLs, and text segmentation.

Intl and RegExp (V8): Lots of small changes. The change of Italian number formatting is the riskiest and has a dedicated flag, see compat risk section.

IDNA: Generally more things are allowed, and this upgrade improves our overall test results in WPT.

Text segmentation: The most interesting change is better Japanese line breaking when using `word-break: auto-phrase`, related to https://chromestatus.com/feature/5133892532568064.

All test changes are explained in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lrfJJmWvLXYPYSYlxE3mXTgDZI9U1bw2FrJYrDorgqE/edit?usp=sharing

Release Note Text: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PQZiFlyJJH3A2As_RoQsV4RKTcLYDzWqZEr-EGPqhPs/edit?tab=t.0

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### IDNA ContextJ rules

IDNA is the mechanism for non-ASCII characters in domain names, encoding a URL like http://네이버.한국/ as http://xn--950bt9s8xi.xn--3e0b707e/ (a redirect to naver.com).

The processing is defined by https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr46/#Processing and is invoked by https://url.spec.whatwg.org/#idna.

The URL spec sets the CheckJoiners flag, which enables the ContextJ rules in IDNA2008:
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5892.html#appendix-A.1
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5892.html#appendix-A.2

This disallows ZWNJ (U+200C ZERO WIDTH NON-JOINER) and ZWJ (U+200D ZERO WIDTH JOINER) in most places in URLs.

The implementation is to simply pass the UIDNA_CHECK_CONTEXTJ option to ICU, where this rule is implemented:
https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/icu/source/common/uts46.cpp;l=1137-1204;drc=8a1988938d4298fbe8fb499b1a59fe4b04a21b15

This would fix over 200 subtests in WPT relating to IDNA, which already pass in Firefox and Safari:
https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/6990929
https://wpt.fyi/results/url/IdnaTestV2.window.html

All of the IdnaTestV2 cases that would regress from shipping ICU 77 (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5143313833000960) would also be fixed again by this change.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Implement CSS property font-language-override

This feature introduces support for the font-language-override CSS property in Chromium. The property allows developers to override the system language used for OpenType glyph substitution by specifying a four-character language tag directly in CSS.

This enables fine-grained typographic control, particularly useful for multilingual content or fonts with language-specific glyph variants.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Origin-Bound Cookies (by default)

In Chrome 143, cookies are bound to their setting origin (by default) such that they're only accessible by that origin i.e. sent on a request or visible through `document.cookie`.

Cookies may ease the host and port binding restrictions through use of the `Domain` attribute but all cookies will be bound to their setting scheme.

Temporary enterprise policies LegacyCookieScopeEnabled and LegacyCookieScopeEnabledForDomainList are available to revert this change. These policies will stop working in Chrome 150. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Web App Manifest: specify update eligibility, icon urls are Cache-Control: immutable

Specify an update eligibility algorithm in the manifest spec. This makes the update process more deterministic and predictable, giving the dev more control over whether (and when) updates should apply to existing installations, and allowing removal of the 'update check throttle' that user agents currently need to implement to avoid wasting network resources.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Web Smart Card API

Enables smart card (PC/SC) applications to move to the Web platform. It gives them access to the PC/SC implementation (and card reader drivers) available in the host OS.

Administrators can control the availability of this API either:
- Globally—using the DefaultSmartCardConnectSetting policy.
- Per-application—using the SmartCardConnectAllowedForUrls and SmartCardConnectBlockedForUrls policies.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebTransport Application Protocol Negotiation

WebTransport Application Protocol Negotiation allows negotiation of the protocol used by the web application within the WebTransport handshake.

A web application can specify a list of application protocols offered when constructing a WebTransport object, which are then conveyed to the server via HTTP headers; if the server picks one of those protocols, it can indicate that within response headers, and that reply is available within the WebTransport object.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated or removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecate getters of Intl Locale Info

Intl Locale Info API is a Stage 3 ECMAScript TC39 proposal to enhance the Intl.Locale object by exposing Locale information, such as week data (first day in a week, weekend start day, weekend end day, minimun day in the first week), and text direction hour cycle used in the locale.
https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale-info

We ship our implementation in m99 (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5566859262820352 ) . But later on the propose made some change in Stage 3 and move several getters to functions. We need to remove the deprecated getters and relaunch the renamed functions



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecating savedTabGroups as individual value in SyncTypesListDisabled

Current policy behavior:
    ◦ Presently, the SyncTypesListDisabled enterprise policy allows administrators to specifically disable the synchronization of "savedTabGroups" on desktop platforms.
    ◦ It's worth noting that on mobile platforms, the synchronization of Tab Groups functionality is already managed by the "tabs" datatype.

To align desktop behavior with mobile and simplify sync management, the individual "savedTabGroups" datatype will be deprecated and will no longer be an individually customizable value within the SyncTypesListDisabled policy

Action required by administrators: Starting with Chrome 142, if your SyncTypesListDisabled policy disables either "tabs" or "savedTabGroups", both data types will now be considered disabled. This means that disabling "tabs" will also disable saved tab groups, and vice-versa. The "savedTabGroups" value will be entirely removed from the list of supported datatypes for this policy. For admins who have saved tab groups disabled, and intend to keep this behavior, make sure to explicitly disable the "tabs" datatype. This will guarantee the desired behavior before the "savedTabGroups" value is fully removed.




<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials in Microsoft Edge

The following are origin trials for new experimental APIs that are available in Microsoft Edge.

Origin trials let you try experimental APIs on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Ad Selection API

Expires on November 30, 2025.

Provides user-relevant ads on your site without using third-party cookies.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/Ad%20Selection%20Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/issues/new?labels=Ad+Selection%20API,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAd%20Selection%20API%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/ffe94e9d-436d-46e6-9144-43abd7bf8c75)



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Acquisition Info API

Expires on December 18, 2025.

Support 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Chromium origin trials

Below are active Chromium origin trials which you can try in Microsoft Edge.

To see the full list of Chromium origin trials that are available in Microsoft Edge, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Soft Navigation Heuristics

Expires on March 10, 2026.

&quot;Soft navigations&quot; are JS-driven same-document navigations that are using the history API or the new Navigation API, triggered by a user gesture and modifies the DOM, modifying the previous content, as well as the URL displayed to the user. This OT would experiment with soft navigation heuristics, and will experimentally web-expose them, so that RUM providers and developers can collect them and report back of their usefulness when collecting performance metrics.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/soft-navigations#soft-navigations)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/soft-navigations/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/21392098230009857)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAssembly Custom Descriptors

Expires on June 16, 2026.

Allows WebAssembly to store data associated with source-level types more efficiently in new &quot;custom descriptor&quot; objects. 

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/blob/main/proposals/custom-descriptors/Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/619807898716864513)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Immediate Mediation for Passkeys and Passwords

Expires on March 24, 2026.

Before showing a sign-in page to a user, this allows Chrome to offer the user any available passkeys and/or passwords in special browser UI. If the user selects a credential, they can be signed in without seeing a sign-in page. If no credentials are available, the promise is immediately rejected the the sign-in page can be shown as normal.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/w3c/webauthn/wiki/Explainer:-WebAuthn-immediate-mediation)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/w3c/webauthn/issues/2228)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1128714656609730561)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CrashReportingStorageAPI

Expires on April 21, 2026.

This origin trial exposes the `window.crashReport` key value Storage API, which allows developers to supply arbitrary application state with each crash report that is sent to developer-specified endpoints.

See https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting/ for the general crash reporting API infrastructure, and both https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/blob/gh-pages/crashReport-explainer.md and https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/pull/37 for the design and specification of the `window.crashReport` extension.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/blob/gh-pages/crashReport-explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1304355042077179905)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU Compatibility Mode

Expires on April 21, 2026.

WebGPU Compatibility Mode is an opt-in, lightly restricted subset of WebGPU capable of running older graphics APIs such as OpenGL and Direct3D11. The goal is to expand the reach of WebGPU applications to older devices that do not have the modern, explicit graphics APIs that core WebGPU requires.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/webgpu-compatibility-mode/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1489002626799370241)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Proofreader API

Expires on May 19, 2026.

The Proofreader API is a JavaScript API that proofreads input text with suggested corrections, backed by an AI language model. This API exposes high-level functionality to help web developers perform real-time proofreading and offers two specific features: error correction , and error labeling (identifying the error type like spelling or grammar). Developers can use this API to proofread user messages in chat applications , help polish email drafting , catch errors during note-taking , or provide high-quality interactive proofreading feedback when writing documents.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/proofreader-api/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/proofreader-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1988902185437495297)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Fetch retry

Expires on March 24, 2026.

Allow web developers to indicate that a fetch() request should be retried, to have a greater guarantee on it being reliably sent, even if network is flaky. This is especially important for keepalive fetches, where the request might outlive the document, which can no longer watch for its failure and do manual retry.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/fetch-retry/tree/main)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/1838)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2119506574631239681)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Prompt API

Expires on March 24, 2026.

Prompt API allows interacting with an AI language model using text, image, and audio inputs. It supports various use cases, from generating image captions and performing visual searches to transcribing audio, classifying sound events, generating text following specific instructions, and extracting information or insights from text. It supports structured outputs which ensure that responses adhere to a predefined format, typically expressed as a JSON schema, to enhance response conformance and facilitate seamless integration with downstream applications that require standardized output formats.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2533837740349325313)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Incoming Call Notifications

Expires on May 19, 2026.

Extend the Notifications API to allow installed PWA&#39;s to send incoming call notifications - i.e., notifications with call-styled buttons and a ringtone. This extension will help VoIP web apps to create more engaging experiences by making it easier for users to easily recognize a calling notification and answer it. Besides that, this feature will help bridge the gap between native and web implementations of apps that have them both.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Notifications/notifications_actions_customization.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2876111312029483009)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Extended lifetime shared workers

Expires on April 21, 2026.

This feature introduces the extendedLifetime option for the SharedWorker constructor. It allows a shared worker to stay alive for a short period after all connected clients (e.g., pages) have been unloaded. This is useful for performing asynchronous tasks that need to complete after a page unloads, such as saving data to IndexedDB or sending analytics. Currently, this requires a Service Worker, which can be heavyweight for this use case. This origin trial provides a more lightweight alternative.

* [Explainer](https://gist.github.com/domenic/c5bd38339f33b49120ae11b3b4af5b9b#file-1-explainer-md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/10997)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3056255297124302849)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Device Bound Session Credentials 2

Expires on March 24, 2026.

A way for websites to securely bind a session to a single device.


It will let servers have a session be securely bound to a device. The browser will renew the session periodically as requested by the server, with proof of possession of a private key.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-dbsc/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-dbsc/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3357996472158126081)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### RenderBlockingFullFrameRate

Expires on March 24, 2026.

The feature allows the webpage to lower the frame rate during loading  with the &lt;link rel=&quot;expect&quot; href=&quot;#critical-content&quot; blocking=&quot;full-frame-rate&quot;/&gt; element.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/11070)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/11070)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3578672853899280385)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts

Expires on May 19, 2026.

Temporarily allows for access to resources on local networks to originate from non-secure contexts. This will give developers more time to migrate Local Network Access requests to originate from a secure context. More information on Local Network Access restrictions can be found at https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access. This origin trial can only be enabled through HTTP header provided origin tokens.

* [Explainer](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/local-network-access)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3826370833404657665)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### SharedWorker on Android

Expires on March 24, 2026.

This trial enables SharedWorker on Chrome for Android, allowing resource sharing (e.g., a single WebSocket connection) across multiple tabs. We are seeking feedback on its stability under Android&#39;s unique process lifecycle to help us prepare for a full launch.

* [Explainer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SharedWorker)
* [Feedback](https://crbug.com/40290702)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/4101090410674257921)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### URL and eval hashes in CSP script-src

Expires on March 24, 2026.

This feature introduces url- and eval- hashes to be used in script-src directives in Content Security Policy. It enables developers to write a strict CSP that only relies on hash and nonce based policies, without having to use permissive hostname based allowlists or unsafe-eval.


* [Explainer](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/script-src-v2)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/script-src-v2/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/4348788390179635201)



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
