---
title: Microsoft Edge 144 web platform release notes (Jan. 2026)
description: Microsoft Edge 144 web platform release notes (Jan. 2026)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 144 web platform release notes (Jan. 2026)

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 144, which releases on January 15, 2026.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [CSS/SVG/Web API features](#csssvgweb-api-features)
  
  * [@scroll-state scrolled support](#scroll-state-scrolled-support)
  
  * [CSS anchor positioning with transforms](#css-anchor-positioning-with-transforms)
  
  * [Cache sharing for extremely-pervasive resources](#cache-sharing-for-extremely-pervasive-resources)
  
  * [Clipboardchange event](#clipboardchange-event)
  
  * [Don&#39;t use aria-details for anchor positioning](#dont-use-aria-details-for-anchor-positioning)
  
  * [IDNA ContextJ rules](#idna-contextj-rules)
  
  * [Intl.Locale.prototype.variants](#intl-locale-prototype-variants)
  
  * [Mirroring of RTL MathML operators](#mirroring-of-rtl-mathml-operators)
  
  * [Multicast Support for Direct Sockets API.](#multicast-support-for-direct-sockets-api)
  
  * [Performance + Event Timing: InteractionCount](#performance-event-timing-interactioncount)
  
  * [RTCDegradationPreference enum value &quot;maintain-framerate-and-resolution&quot;](#rtcdegradationpreference-enum-value-maintain-framerate-and-resolution)
  
  * [ReportLayoutShiftRectsInCssPixels](#reportlayoutshiftrectsincsspixels)
  
  * [Respect overscroll-behavior for keyboard scrolls](#respect-overscroll-behavior-for-keyboard-scrolls)
  
  * [Respect overscroll-behavior on non-scrollable scroll containers](#respect-overscroll-behavior-on-non-scrollable-scroll-containers)
  
  * [SVG2 CSS Cascading](#svg2-css-cascading)
  
  * [Scroll Triggered Animations](#scroll-triggered-animations)
  
  * [Secure Payment Confirmation: Browser Bound Keys](#secure-payment-confirmation-browser-bound-keys)
  
  * [Support ping, hreflang, type and referrerPolicy for SVGAElement](#support-ping-hreflang-type-and-referrerpolicy-for-svgaelement)
  
  * [Temporal in ECMA262](#temporal-in-ecma262)
  
  * [Throw exception when throttling pushState/replaceState](#throw-exception-when-throttling-pushstate-replacestate)
  
  * [Trusted Types spec alignment](#trusted-types-spec-alignment)
  
  * [User-Agent Client Hints &quot;ch-ua-high-entropy-values&quot; permissions policy](#user-agent-client-hints-ch-ua-high-entropy-values-permissions-policy)
  
  * [ViewTransitions waitUntil() method](#viewtransitions-waituntil-method)
  
  * [WebGPU: Uniform buffer standard layout](#webgpu-uniform-buffer-standard-layout)
  
  * [WebGPU: `subgroup_id` feature](#webgpu-subgroup-id-feature)
  
  * [XRVisibilityMaskChange](#xrvisibilitymaskchange)
  
* [Deprecated or removed features](#deprecated-or-removed-features)
  
  * [Deprecate and Remove: Shared Storage API](#deprecate-and-remove-shared-storage-api)
  
  * [Deprecate and remove: Attribution Reporting API](#deprecate-and-remove-attribution-reporting-api)
  
  * [Deprecate and remove: Private Aggregation API](#deprecate-and-remove-private-aggregation-api)
  
  * [Deprecating savedTabGroups as individual value in SyncTypesListDisabled](#deprecating-savedtabgroups-as-individual-value-in-synctypeslistdisabled)
  
  * [Externally loaded entities in XML parsing](#externally-loaded-entities-in-xml-parsing)
  
  
* [Origin trials in Microsoft Edge](#origin-trials-in-microsoft-edge)
  
  * [Ad Selection API](#ad-selection-api)
  
  * [Acquisition Info API](#acquisition-info-api)
  
* [Chromium origin trials](#chromium-origin-trials)
  
  * [Writer API](#writer-api)
  
  * [SharedArrayBuffers in non-isolated pages on Desktop platforms](#sharedarraybuffers-in-non-isolated-pages-on-desktop-platforms)
  
  * [Digital Credentials API - Issuance Support](#digital-credentials-api-issuance-support)
  
  * [Rewriter API](#rewriter-api)
  
  * [WebAssembly Custom Descriptors](#webassembly-custom-descriptors)
  
  * [CrashReportingStorageAPI](#crashreportingstorageapi)
  
  * [WebGPU Compatibility Mode](#webgpu-compatibility-mode)
  
  * [Proofreader API](#proofreader-api)
  
  * [WebAppInstallation](#webappinstallation)
  
  * [Incoming Call Notifications](#incoming-call-notifications)
  
  * [Extended lifetime shared workers](#extended-lifetime-shared-workers)
  
  * [Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts](#local-network-access-from-non-secure-contexts)
  


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's New in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when it exists in Jan 2026, use instead:
See [What's New in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 144)](../../devtools/whats-new/2026/01/devtools-144.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists in Jan 2026, use instead:
For WebView2, see [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) in _Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK_ (Jan 2026).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## CSS features



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### `srolled` feature for scroll-state container queries

The `scrolled` feature for a `@container sroll-state()` query makes it possible to style elements within a scrollable containers based on the container's most recent scrolling direction.

For example:

```css
.scrolling-up {
  translate: 80px 0;
  transition: 0.4s translate;
}

html {
  container-type: scroll-state;
}

@container scroll-state(scrolled: top) {
  .scrolling-up {
    translate: 0 0;
  }
}
```

This can be used to implement UI patterns such as a header that automatically hides as the user scrolls down the page and reappears as they scroll up. The `scrolled` feature provides a CSS-only solution for these common UI patterns.

See also:
* [CSS scroll state container queries](./133.md#css-scroll-state-container-queries) in _Microsoft Edge 133 web platform release notes (Feb. 2025)_.
* [Scrolled: the scrolled feature](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-conditional-5/#scrolled) in _CSS Conditional Rules Module Level 5_.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS `transform` support in anchor positioning

When an anchor-positioned element is tethered to an element that's tranformed, such as by using the CSS `transform` property, the anchor-positioned element is now correctly positioned relative to the bounding box of the tranformed anchor.

This makes it possible to create UI effects where elements remain logically connected even if one of them is being transformed.

See also:
* [CSS anchor positioning](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Anchor_positioning) at MDN.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Support for `overscroll-behavior` on keyboard scrolling and on non-scrollable containers

When you set the CSS `overscroll-behavior` property to a value other than `auto`, scroll chaining is prevented by the browser. This means that when a user scrolls to the end of a scroll container, the scroll does not propagate to ancestor scroll containers.

In earlier versions of Microsoft Edge, this only worked for mouse or touch scrolling. This change makes keyboard scrolling respect `overscroll-behavior` as well.

Additionally, `overscroll-behavior` now applies to all scroll container elements, regardless of whether those elements currently have overflowing content or are user scrollable. For example, you can now use `overscroll-behavior` to prevent scroll propagation on an `overflow: hidden` backdrop or an `overflow: auto` element without needing to consider whether the element is, itself, overflowing.

See also:
* [overscroll-behavior](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/overscroll-behavior) at MDN.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Scroll-triggered animations

The `timeline-trigger` property can now trigger CSS animations based on a scroll position, and control the playback of those animations as the user scrolls.

This feature is useful to implement common patterns where animations only start when a scroll position on the page has been reached. Today, developers often do this by using JavaScript to detect that an element is within its scroll container's viewport. Using the CSS `timeline-trigger` property to trigger animations based on a scroll position instead can improve performance and reliability.

See also:
* [Timeline Triggers](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-animations-2/#timeline-triggers) in _CSS Animations Module Level 2_.
* [Scroll-triggered animation demos](https://davmila.github.io/sta-demos/explore/).

<!-- TODO: resume editing from here -->


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### SVG2 CSS Cascading

Align the Blink implementation with the SVG2 specification for matching CSS rules in <use> element trees.

Match selectors against the <use> instantiation elements instead of the originating element subtree. This means selectors will no longer match ancestor and sibling elements outside the cloned subtree. More importantly, state selectors like :hover will now start matching in <use> instances.


See also:
* []()





<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Web APIs


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Cache sharing for extremely-pervasive resources

For a small number (hundreds) of hand-curated static third-party script, stylesheet and compression-dictionary resources that are used on a large portion of the web, Chrome will use a single-keyed HTTP cache to store those resources. 

This helps users and site owners with faster performance for those resources that are very widely used while maintaining the privacy protections of the partitioned disk cache.

This feature targets the resources that most users are likely to see multiple times across multiple sites in any given browsing session. They are usually not in the critical path of the page loading and may not impact the common performance metrics but they are still important for the healthy operation of the web.

The list of candidate scripts is curated from the HTTP Archive dataset.

This includes site-independent things like common analytics scripts, social media embeds, video player embeds, captcha providers and ads libraries. It allows for code that uses versioned URLs as long as the versioning is not a manual process by embedders and that the same version is sent to everybody at a given point in time with the same contents.

This does not include things like common Javascript libraries where they are commonly self-hosted or where the URL references a specific version of the library and it is up to site owners to manually select a version.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Clipboardchange event

The "clipboardchange" event fires whenever the system clipboard contents are changed either by a web app or any other system application. This allows web-apps like remote desktop clients to keep their clipboards synchronized with the system clipboard. It provides an efficient alternative to polling the clipboard(using Javascript) for changes.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Don&#39;t use aria-details for anchor positioning

See the discussion in this issue for more context:

- https://github.com/w3c/html-aam/issues/545

The code to create aria-details relationships for non-popover use cases of anchor positioning was likely a mistake. Since popovers and other semantic relationships *do* create aria-details, and the remaining use cases are likely non-semantic, there is a desire *not* to create these relationships in the non-semantic cases.

Since most common use cases use popovers, this change should hopefully not be too noticeable to users.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### IDNA ContextJ rules

IDNA is the mechanism for non-ASCII characters in domain names, encoding a URL like http://네이버.한국/ as http://xn--950bt9s8xi.xn--3e0b707e/ (a redirect to naver.com).

The processing is defined by https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr46/#Processing and is invoked by https://url.spec.whatwg.org/#idna.

The URL spec sets the CheckJoiners flag, which enables the ContextJ rules in IDNA2008:
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5892.html#appendix-A.1
https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5892.html#appendix-A.2

This disallows ZWNJ (U+200C ZERO WIDTH NON-JOINER) and ZWJ (U+200D ZERO WIDTH JOINER) in most places in URLs.

The implementation is to simply pass the UIDNA_CHECK_CONTEXTJ option to ICU, where this rule is implemented:
https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/icu/source/common/uts46.cpp;l=1137-1204;drc=8a1988938d4298fbe8fb499b1a59fe4b04a21b15

This would fix over 200 subtests in WPT relating to IDNA, which already pass in Firefox and Safari:
https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/6990929
https://wpt.fyi/results/url/IdnaTestV2.window.html

All of the IdnaTestV2 cases that would regress from shipping ICU 77 (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5143313833000960) would also be fixed again by this change.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Intl.Locale.prototype.variants

Add Intl.Locale.prototype.variants as stated in 
https://tc39.es/ecma402/#sec-Intl.Locale.prototype.variants
and also accept "variants" in option bag in Intl.Locale consturctor
as in https://tc39.es/ecma402/#sec-updatelanguageid
The changes to ECMA402 is merged in 
 https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/pull/960
and the test code in test262 are merged in  in https://github.com/tc39/test262/pull/4474/

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Mirroring of RTL MathML operators

Support for character-level and glyph-level mirroring when rendering MathML operators in right-to-left mode.

When using RTL mode some operators can be mirrored by changing them to another code point (e.g. a right parentheses becomes a left parentheses). This is character-level mirroring, with equivalences defined by Unicode's `Bidi_Mirrored` property. 

There are operators that have no appropriate mirroring character. Glyph-level mirroring applies in this case, with the `rtlm` font feature, where another glyph can replace it in a mirrored context. Some existing implementations mirror the original glyph directly, but this may change the meaning for asymmetrical characters, such as the clockwise contour integral.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Multicast Support for Direct Sockets API.

This feature allows Isolated Web Apps to subscribe to multicast groups and receive UDP packets from there, and to specify additional parameters when sending UDP packets to multicast addresses.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Performance + Event Timing: InteractionCount

The Event Timing API is part of the Performance Timeline and is used to measure the performance of user interactions.  Certain Events will have an interactionId value assigned to them, and this is useful for grouping related interactions based on common physical user inputs or gestures.

This feature adds a very trivial performance.interactionCount, which is just the total number of interactions that have occured on the page.

In particular, this feature is useful for computing the Interaction to Next Paint (INP) metric value, which requires knowing the total number of interactions in order to compute a high percentile score (p98 for pages with greater than 50 total interactions).

This feature has been specced for a long while, was prototypes in Chromium a long time ago but never shipped, is part of Interop 2025, and is already available in other browsers.

(Note: there is already a more powerful performance.eventCounts map for specific events, but it is not possible to accurately map event counts to interaction counts.)

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### RTCDegradationPreference enum value &quot;maintain-framerate-and-resolution&quot;

"maintain-framerate-and-resolution" disables WebRTC's internal video adaptation. This enables the application to implement its own adaptation logic and prevents interference from the internal adaptation.

From https://www.w3.org/TR/mst-content-hint/#dom-rtcdegradationpreference-maintain-framerate-and-resolution:

Maintain framerate and resolution regardless of video quality. The user agent SHOULD NOT prefer reducing the framerate or resolution for quality and performance reasons, but MAY drop frames before encoding if necessary not to overuse network and encoder resources.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### ReportLayoutShiftRectsInCssPixels

This feature changes the attribution data (prevRect and currentRect) in the LayoutShift API to be reported in CSS pixels instead of physical pixels.
The current behavior is inconsistent with other layout-related APIs, which all use CSS pixels. This change improves consistency, simplifies usage for developers, and aligns with expected units in debugging and tooling. The feature is gated behind a flag for experimentation and evaluation.

See also:
* []()





<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Secure Payment Confirmation: Browser Bound Keys

Adds an additional cryptographic signature over Secure Payment Confirmation assertions and credential creation. The corresponding private key is not synced across devices. This helps web developers meet requirements for device binding for payment transactions.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Support ping, hreflang, type and referrerPolicy for SVGAElement

Adds support for ping, hreflang, type, and referrerPolicy attributes on SVGAElement, aligning its behavior with HTMLAnchorElement for consistent link handling across HTML and SVG.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Temporal in ECMA262

Temporal API  https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal in ECMA262 is a new API that provides standard objects and functions for working with dates and times. Date has been a long-standing pain point in ECMAScript. This proposes Temporal, a global Object that acts as a top-level namespace (like Math), that brings a modern date/time API to the ECMAScript language. For a detailed breakdown of motivations, see: https://maggiepint.com/2017/04/09/fixing-javascript-date-getting-started/



See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Throw exception when throttling pushState/replaceState

Currently an excessive use of history APIs, i.e. calling pushState/replaceState 100s of times/second, creates a "silent" failure where calls are ignored but no exception is thrown.

This change throws a SecurityError in this case, aligning with Gecko & WebKit.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Trusted Types spec alignment

[Trusted Types](https://www.w3.org/TR/trusted-types/) was implemented and launched in Chromium in 2019, and has since found use in numerous websites. It has recently gained interest from other browser vendors.

The Trusted Type spec was co-written as a "monkey patch" spec along with our original implementation. It now receives fresh attention as others are trying to implement the same spec, and we are trying to integrate the spec into HTML. As part of that process, various inconsistencies are being identified and fixed. Some of these fixes may be developer observable. This intent is to update our implementation to match the spec, as it's upstreamed into HTML.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### User-Agent Client Hints &quot;ch-ua-high-entropy-values&quot; permissions policy

Adds support for a 'ch-ua-high-entropy-values' permissions policy that enables a top-level site to restrict which documents are able to collect high-entropy client hints via the navigator.userAgentData.getHighEntropyValues() JS API.

Restricting collection of high-entropy hints over HTTP is already possible via existing per-client-hint permissions policies.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### ViewTransitions waitUntil() method

The ViewTransition automatically constructs a pseudo-element tree to display and animate participating elements in the transition. Per spec, this subtree is constructed when the view transition starts animating and is destroyed when the animations associated with all view transition pseudo-elements are in the finished state (or more precisely in a non-running non-paused state).

This works for a vast majority of cases and provides a seamless experience for the developers. However, for more advanced cases, this is insufficient as there are times when developers want the view transition pseudo-tree to persist beyond the animation finish state.

One example is tying view transitions with Scroll Driven Animations. When the animation is controlled by a scroll timeline, we don't want the subtree to be destroyed when the animations finish since scrolling back should still be able to animate the pseudo elements.

In order to enable advanced uses of view transition, this intent adds a waitUntil() function on the ViewTransition object which takes a promise. This promise then delays destruction of the pseudo-tree until it is settled.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU: Uniform buffer standard layout

Functionality added to the WebGPU spec after its first shipment in a browser.

Uniform buffers declared in WGSL shaders are no longer required to have 16-byte alignment on array elements, or to pad nested structure offsets to a multiple of 16 bytes.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU: `subgroup_id` feature

Functionality added to the WebGPU spec after its first shipment in a browser.

The `subgroup_id` and `num_subgroups` built-in values are now available when the subgroups extension is enabled.


See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### XRVisibilityMaskChange

Adds an XRVisibilityMaskChange event that will provide a list of vertices and a list of indices to represent the mesh of the visible portion of the user's viewport. This data can then be used to confidently limit the amount of the viewport drawn to in order to improve performance. To better support this event, XRView's are also given unique identifiers to allow easier pairing with the associated masks. This is an extension to the core WebXR specification.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Deprecated or removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecate and Remove: Shared Storage API

The Shared Storage API is a privacy-preserving web API to enable storage that is not partitioned by first-party site.

Following Chrome's announcement that the current approach to third-party cookies will be maintained, we are now planning to deprecate and remove the Shared Storage API (along with certain other Privacy Sandbox APIs, as outlined on the Privacy Sandbox feature status page).

[0]: https://privacysandbox.com/news/privacy-sandbox-next-steps/


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecate and remove: Attribution Reporting API

The Attribution Reporting API is a privacy-preserving web API designed to measure ad conversions without third-party cookies or user tracking across sites.

Following Chrome's announcement that the current approach to third-party cookies will be maintained, we are now planning to deprecate and remove the Attribution Reporting API (along with other Privacy Sandbox APIs).

[0]: https://privacysandbox.com/news/privacy-sandbox-next-steps/


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecate and remove: Private Aggregation API

The Private Aggregation API is a generic mechanism for measuring aggregate, cross-site data in a privacy preserving manner. It was originally designed for a future without third-party cookies.

Following Chrome's announcement that the current approach to third-party cookies will be maintained, we are now planning to deprecate and remove the Private Aggregation API (along with certain other Privacy Sandbox APIs, as outlined on the Privacy Sandbox feature status page[0]). This API is only exposed via the Shared Storage and Protected Audience APIs, which are also planned to be deprecated and removed. So, no additional work will be required for Private Aggregation.

[0]: https://privacysandbox.google.com/overview/status


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecating savedTabGroups as individual value in SyncTypesListDisabled

Currently, the [SyncTypesListDisabled](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/#SyncTypesListDisabled) enterprise policy allows administrators to disable the synchronization of savedTabGroups datatype on desktop platforms. On mobile platforms, however, Tab Groups synchronization is already managed by the tabs datatype. To align desktop behavior with mobile and simplify sync management, the individual savedTabGroups datatype will be deprecated and will no longer be an individually customizable value within the [SyncTypesListDisabled](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/#SyncTypesListDisabled) policy

Action required by administrators: Starting with Chrome 144, if your [SyncTypesListDisabled](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/#SyncTypesListDisabled) policy disables either "tabs" or "savedTabGroups", both data types will now be considered disabled. This means that disabling "tabs" will also disable saved tab groups, and vice-versa. The "savedTabGroups" value will be entirely removed from the list of supported datatypes for this policy. For admins who have saved tab groups disabled, and intend to keep this behavior, make sure to explicitly disable the "tabs" datatype. This will guarantee the desired behavior before the savedTabGroups value is fully removed.


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Externally loaded entities in XML parsing

Chrome synchronously fetches external XML entities/DTDs and incorporates them into parsing under specific circumstances. I propose to remove this functionality.

http/tests/security/contentTypeOptions/xml-external-entity.xml gives an example: External entities can be defined in the trailing part of the DOCTYPE  statement - and then refer to resources that are to be synchronously loaded and included as context when parsing XML. 

Another syntax example would be a DOCTYPE that, using the SYSTEM keyword followed by a URL pointing to a DTD which contains additional entity definitions. 

Such external load requests are passed up from the parser and allowed only if they are same origin request and the response mimetype matches: "application/xml-external-parsed-entity".

According to https://www.w3.org/TR/xml/#proc-types non-validating processor are not required to read external entities.





<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials in Microsoft Edge

The following are origin trials for new experimental APIs that are available in Microsoft Edge.

Origin trials let you try experimental APIs on your own live website for a limited time.

To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

To see the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).


Web Install API

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Ad Selection API

Expires on November 30, 2025.

Provides user-relevant ads on your site without using third-party cookies.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/blob/main/Ad%20Selection%20Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/privacy-preserving-ads/issues/new?labels=Ad+Selection%20API,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAd%20Selection%20API%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/ffe94e9d-436d-46e6-9144-43abd7bf8c75)



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Acquisition Info API

Expires on December 18, 2025.

Support 3P acquisition attribution for PWAs acquired through an app store or directly from the browser.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/AcquisitionInfo/explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?labels=Acquisition+Info,OriginTrialFeedback&amp;title=%5BAcquisition%20Info%5D+Feedback)
* [Register](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/trials/4013a45f-3f48-4341-81ea-1bc13bf90c83)



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Chromium origin trials

Below are active Chromium origin trials which you can try in Microsoft Edge.

To see the full list of Chromium origin trials that are available in Microsoft Edge, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Writer API

Expires on April 21, 2026.

The Writer API can be used for writing new material given a writing task prompt, backed by an on-device AI language model. Developers will be able to use this API to generate textual explanations of structured data, composing a post about a product based on reviews or product description, expanding on pro and con lists into full views and more.


* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/writing-assistance-apis/blob/main/README.md#writer-api)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/writing-assistance-apis/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/-8779204523605360639)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### SharedArrayBuffers in non-isolated pages on Desktop platforms

Expires on May 19, 2026.

Temporary extension for ungated use of SharedArrayBuffers in pages that are not cross-origin isolated.

* [Explainer](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/enabling-shared-array-buffer/)
* [Feedback](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/entry?components=Internals%3ESandbox%3ESiteIsolation)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/303992974847508481)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Digital Credentials API - Issuance Support

Expires on July 14, 2026.

This API enables triggering the issuance of user credentials from a credential issuer server to a digital wallet application. It is available on both Desktop and Android platforms and can be used, for instance, to trigger the provisioning of a new driver&#39;s license or verified academic degree from a government or university server to a user&#39;s digital wallet.

* [Explainer](https://w3c-fedid.github.io/digital-credentials)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/385620718093598721)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Rewriter API

Expires on April 21, 2026.

The Rewriter API transforms and rephrases input text in requested ways, backed by an on-device AI language model. Developers may use this API to remove redundancies within a text in order to fit into a word limit, rephrase messages to suit the intended audience or to be more constructive if a message is found to use toxic language, rephrasing a post or article to use simpler words and concepts and more.



* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/writing-assistance-apis/blob/main/README.md#rewriter-api)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/writing-assistance-apis/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/444167513249415169)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAssembly Custom Descriptors

Expires on June 16, 2026.

Allows WebAssembly to store data associated with source-level types more efficiently in new &quot;custom descriptor&quot; objects. 

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/blob/main/proposals/custom-descriptors/Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/619807898716864513)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CrashReportingStorageAPI

Expires on April 21, 2026.

This origin trial exposes the `window.crashReport` key value Storage API, which allows developers to supply arbitrary application state with each crash report that is sent to developer-specified endpoints.

See https://wicg.github.io/crash-reporting/ for the general crash reporting API infrastructure, and both https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/blob/gh-pages/crashReport-explainer.md and https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/pull/37 for the design and specification of the `window.crashReport` extension.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/blob/gh-pages/crashReport-explainer.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/crash-reporting/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1304355042077179905)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU Compatibility Mode

Expires on April 21, 2026.

WebGPU Compatibility Mode is an opt-in, lightly restricted subset of WebGPU capable of running older graphics APIs such as OpenGL and Direct3D11. The goal is to expand the reach of WebGPU applications to older devices that do not have the modern, explicit graphics APIs that core WebGPU requires.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/explainers-by-googlers/webgpu-compatibility-mode/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1489002626799370241)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Proofreader API

Expires on May 19, 2026.

The Proofreader API is a JavaScript API that proofreads input text with suggested corrections, backed by an AI language model. This API exposes high-level functionality to help web developers perform real-time proofreading and offers two specific features: error correction , and error labeling (identifying the error type like spelling or grammar). Developers can use this API to proofread user messages in chat applications , help polish email drafting , catch errors during note-taking , or provide high-quality interactive proofreading feedback when writing documents.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/proofreader-api/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/proofreader-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1988902185437495297)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAppInstallation

Expires on July 14, 2026.

Allows websites to imperatively install other websites as web apps, via an install_url and optional manifest_id. 

* [Explainer](https://aka.ms/webinstall)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?template=web-install-api.md)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2367204554136616961)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Incoming Call Notifications

Expires on May 19, 2026.

Extend the Notifications API to allow installed PWA&#39;s to send incoming call notifications - i.e., notifications with call-styled buttons and a ringtone. This extension will help VoIP web apps to create more engaging experiences by making it easier for users to easily recognize a calling notification and answer it. Besides that, this feature will help bridge the gap between native and web implementations of apps that have them both.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/main/Notifications/notifications_actions_customization.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2876111312029483009)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Extended lifetime shared workers

Expires on April 21, 2026.

This feature introduces the extendedLifetime option for the SharedWorker constructor. It allows a shared worker to stay alive for a short period after all connected clients (e.g., pages) have been unloaded. This is useful for performing asynchronous tasks that need to complete after a page unloads, such as saving data to IndexedDB or sending analytics. Currently, this requires a Service Worker, which can be heavyweight for this use case. This origin trial provides a more lightweight alternative.

* [Explainer](https://gist.github.com/domenic/c5bd38339f33b49120ae11b3b4af5b9b#file-1-explainer-md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/10997)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3056255297124302849)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts

Expires on May 19, 2026.

Temporarily allows for access to resources on local networks to originate from non-secure contexts. This will give developers more time to migrate Local Network Access requests to originate from a secure context. More information on Local Network Access restrictions can be found at https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access. This origin trial can only be enabled through HTTP header provided origin tokens.

* [Explainer](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/local-network-access)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3826370833404657665)



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
