---
title: Microsoft Edge 146 web platform release notes (Mar 2026)
description: Microsoft Edge 146 web platform release notes (Mar 2026)
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 
---
# Microsoft Edge 146 web platform release notes (Mar 2026)
<!-- todo: update date: field to:
ms.date: 
per build report, must be < 30 days in future
-->

The following are the new web platform features and updates in Microsoft Edge 146, which releases on March 12, 2026.

To stay up-to-date and get the latest web platform features, download a preview channel of Microsoft Edge (Beta, Dev, or Canary); go to [Become a Microsoft Edge Insider](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/download/insider).

**Detailed contents:**

* [Edge DevTools](#edge-devtools)
* [WebView2](#webview2)
* [CSS/SVG/Web API features](#csssvgweb-api-features)
  
  * [CSS update: decoupling of Width and Style properties](#css-update-decoupling-of-width-and-style-properties)
  
  * [CSSPseudoElement interface](#csspseudoelement-interface)
  
  * [Data URL MIME Type Parameter Preservation](#data-url-mime-type-parameter-preservation)
  
  * [Intl.Locale.prototype.variants](#intl-locale-prototype-variants)
  
  * [Iterator Sequencing](#iterator-sequencing)
  
  * [JSON and style support for link rel=modulepreload](#json-and-style-support-for-link-rel-modulepreload)
  
  * [Playback Statistics API for WebAudio](#playback-statistics-api-for-webaudio)
  
  * [Preserving dropEffect Values from dragover to drop Events](#preserving-dropeffect-values-from-dragover-to-drop-events)
  
  * [Sanitizer API](#sanitizer-api)
  
  * [Scroll Triggered Animations](#scroll-triggered-animations)
  
  * [Support path attribute on SVG &lt;textpath&gt; element](#support-path-attribute-on-svg-textpath-element)
  
  * [Support the `hanging` and `each-line` for the `text-indent` property](#support-the-hanging-and-each-line-for-the-text-indent-property)
  
  * [Timeline Named Range &quot;scroll&quot;](#timeline-named-range-scroll)
  
  * [Update Device Memory API limits](#update-device-memory-api-limits)
  
  * [WebGPU Compatibility mode](#webgpu-compatibility-mode)
  
  * [WebGPU: Texture and Sampler Lets](#webgpu-texture-and-sampler-lets)
  
  * [WebRTC Datachannel: Always negotiate data channels](#webrtc-datachannel-always-negotiate-data-channels)
  
  * [meta name=&quot;text-scale&quot;](#meta-name-text-scale)
  
  * [trigger-scope](#trigger-scope)
  
* [Deprecated or removed features](#deprecated-or-removed-features)
  
  
* [Origin trials in Microsoft Edge](#origin-trials-in-microsoft-edge)
  
* [Chromium origin trials](#chromium-origin-trials)
  
  * [Digital Credentials API - Issuance Support](#digital-credentials-api-issuance-support)
  
  * [WebAssembly Custom Descriptors](#webassembly-custom-descriptors)
  
  * [PrerenderUntilScript](#prerenderuntilscript)
  
  * [Enhanced Canvas TextMetrics](#enhanced-canvas-textmetrics)
  
  * [WebNN](#webnn)
  
  * [WebAppInstallation](#webappinstallation)
  
  * [Prompt API](#prompt-api)
  
  * [WebAudio Configurable Render Quantum](#webaudio-configurable-render-quantum)
  
  * [UserMediaElement](#usermediaelement)
  
  * [Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts](#local-network-access-from-non-secure-contexts)
  


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge DevTools

See [What's new in Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools/whats-new/whats-new.md).
<!-- todo: when exists, use instead:
See [What's new in DevTools (Microsoft Edge 146)](../../devtools/whats-new/146.md).
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2

See [Release notes for the WebView2 SDK](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md).
<!-- todo: when exists, use instead:
See [1.0.n.n](../../webview2/release-notes/index.md#10nnnnnn) (Mar 2026) in _Release notes for the WebView2 SDK_.
-->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## CSS features

Below are the new Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) features in Microsoft Edge.


## Web APIs

Below are the new Web API features in Microsoft Edge.

**TODO: MOVE THE BELOW FEATURES IN THE CORRECT H2 HEADINGS ABOVE.**



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSS update: decoupling of Width and Style properties

Chrome will soon align with updated [CSS specifications](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-2025/) regarding the behavior of `border-width`, `outline-width`, and `column-rule-width` properties. Previously, if the corresponding `border-style`, `outline-style`, or `column-rule-style` was set to `none` or `hidden`, the computed width of these properties would be forced to `0px`, regardless of the specified value.

With this change, the computed values of `border-width`, `outline-width`, and `column-rule-width` will always reflect the author-specified values, independent of the `*-style` property. Additionally, the resolved values (as returned by `getComputedStyle()`) for outline-width and column-rule-width also will reflect the specified values.

<br>
The change aligns Chrome with Firefox and WebKit, which have already implemented this behavior.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### CSSPseudoElement interface

CSSPseudoElement interface is a way to represent a pseudo-element in JS.

CSSPseudoElement is returned from Element.pseudo(type), where `type` is currently: ::after, ::before, ::marker.

CSSPseudoElement has the following:
- The type attribute is a string representing the type of the pseudo-element.
- The element attribute is the ultimate originating element of the pseudo-element.
- The parent attribute is the originating element of the pseudo-element (Either Element of CSSPseudoElement for nested pseudo-elements).
- The pseudo(type) method to retrieve nested pseudo-elements.

CSSPseudoElement supports `GeometryUtils`, meaning it has getBoxQuads(), convertQuadFromNode(), convertRectFromNode(), convertPointFromNode().

Specific events are now also extended to have `.pseudoTarget` that is either CSSPseudoElement (if interaction has been with pseudo-element) or null. This allows to have more specific information on the event origin, e.g. that not just ultimate originating element (Event.target) has been clicked, but more specifically that it was ::after. Note that the Event.target is unchanged so event only has extra info on pseudo-element interaction.

The events are MouseEvent, PointerEvent, FocusEvent, AnimationEvent, TransitionEvent, KeyboardEvent, TouchEvent.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Data URL MIME Type Parameter Preservation

Preserve MIME type parameters (e.g., charset, boundary) in data URL Content-Type headers per the  Fetch Standard.

CL: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/7135039

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Intl.Locale.prototype.variants

Add Intl.Locale.prototype.variants as stated in 
https://tc39.es/ecma402/#sec-Intl.Locale.prototype.variants
and also accept "variants" in option bag in Intl.Locale consturctor
as in https://tc39.es/ecma402/#sec-updatelanguageid
The changes to ECMA402 is merged in 
 https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/pull/960
and the test code in test262 are merged in  in https://github.com/tc39/test262/pull/4474/

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Iterator Sequencing

A TC39 proposal to create iterators by sequencing existing iterators. Introduces Iterator.concat ( ...items ).

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### JSON and style support for link rel=modulepreload

Adds support for JSON and style module types as <link rel="modulepreload"> destinations. <link rel="modulepreload"> is already supported in Chromium (see https://chromestatus.com/feature/5762805915451392), but it currently only supports preloading script-like module scripts. This feature addresses a functionality gap, as JSON and CSS module scripts are supported in Chromium elsewhere but are not supported as <link rel="modulepreload"> destinations. Style modules can be preloaded with <link rel="modulepreload" as="style" href="..."> and JSON modules can be preloaded with <link rel="modulepreload" as="json" href="...">.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Playback Statistics API for WebAudio

This feature adds an AudioContext.playbackStats attribute which returns an AudioPlaybackStats object. This object provides audio playback statistics such as average latency, minimum/maximum latency, underrun duration, and underrun count. This API allows web applications to monitor audio playout quality and detect glitches.

Note: This feature was previously tracked as AudioContext.playoutStats. It has been renamed to AudioContext.playbackStats to align with the final Web Audio API specification. The old name is supported as a deprecated alias for backward compatibility.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Preserving dropEffect Values from dragover to drop Events

The HTML5 Drag and Drop API allows web applications to handle drag-and-drop operations through a series of events: `dragstart`, `dragenter`, `dragover`, `dragleave`, `drop`, and `dragend`. During these events, the [`dataTransfer.dropEffect`](https://www.w3.org/TR/2011/WD-html5-20110113/dnd.html#dom-datatransfer-dropeffect) property indicates which operation (copy, move, link, or none) should be performed. 

According to the [HTML5 specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/2011/WD-html5-20110113/dnd.html#dndevents), the `dropEffect` value set by web applications during the last `dragover` event should be preserved and available in the subsequent `drop` event.

However, Chromium-based browsers were overwriting the web application's `dropEffect` value with the browser's own negotiated operation before the `drop` event fired, breaking specification compliance and limiting developer control over drag-and-drop behavior.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Sanitizer API

The Sanitizer API offers an easy to use and safe by default HTML Sanitizer API, which developers can use to remove content that may execute script from arbitrary, user-supplied HTML content. The goal is to make it easier to build XSS-free web applications.

This follows previous attempts at establishing a Sanitizer API (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5786893650231296), which we unshipped again (https://chromestatus.com/feature/5115076981293056). The specification has meanwhile progressed and now has widespread support.


See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Scroll Triggered Animations

This feature adds scroll-position-based control of animations, e.g. playing, pausing, and resetting an animation.

A common pattern on pages across the web is to kick off an animation when a scroll position is reached. Developers often do this by using JavaScript to manually detect that an element is within its scroll container's viewport and to kick off a corresponding animation (e.g. perhaps sliding that element into view). Many of such use cases are based on information that can be provided declaratively. This feature gives authors the ability to create such interactions declaratively via CSS, allowing the user agent to offload the handling of this interaction to a worker thread. The API also includes JavaScript interfaces that allow the feature to be extended to web animations in addition to CSS animations.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Support path attribute on SVG &lt;textpath&gt; element

This change adds support for the path attribute on the SVG <textPath> element, allowing authors to define text path geometry inline using SVG path data and reducing the need for separately defined <path> elements.

<textPath> resolves its text path geometry using the following rules:

1. If both path and href are present, geometry is resolved from the path attribute.
2. If only the path attribute is present and parses successfully, the inline path definition is used.
3. If the path attribute is absent or fails to parse, and an href attribute is provided, the referenced <path> element is used as a fallback.
4. Existing href‑only behavior is preserved without change.

This implementation follows the SVG 2 specification’s definition of the path attribute on <textPath>, and the resolution behavior is consistent with other browser engines, improving interoperability and standards compliance.
Note: When both path and href are specified on <textPath>, path now takes precedence, per SVG 2 specification.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Support the `hanging` and `each-line` for the `text-indent` property

The two optional keywords for the `text-indent` property extends the capability and the usability of the property.

The `hanging` keyword changes indentation to "hanging", that is, all lines except the first line will be indented.

The `each-line` keyword makes indentation to affect not only the first line but also each line after a forced line break.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Timeline Named Range &quot;scroll&quot;

This feature expands the set of named ranges of view timelines, adding a "scroll" range.

The Scroll-Driven Animations API introduced ViewTimelines along with named ranges which refer to portions of a ViewTimeline that define an animation's range[1].

However, all the named ranges provided were restricted to the portion of the ViewTimeline where its subject is visible. It is useful for authors to be able to refer to the full extent of the scroll container underlying the timeline. This feature facilitates this by adding a named range of "scroll" to the existing set ("entry", "exit", "cover", "contain").

[1] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/animation-range

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Update Device Memory API limits

Update to a new set of possible values for the Device Memory API:
- Android: 1, 2, 4, 8
- Others: 2, 4, 8, 16, 32
Replacing the old values of 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8 which have grown outdated.

This will reduce the fingerprinting risks at the lower end since device capabilities have improved since these were set.

It will also allow better usage and segmenting of high-end devices as requested by developers (https://github.com/w3c/device-memory/issues/50).

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU Compatibility mode

Adds an opt-in, lightly restricted subset of the WebGPU API capable of running older graphics APIs such as OpenGL and Direct3D11. By opting into this mode and obeying its constraints, developers can extend the reach of their WebGPU applications to many older devices that do not have the modern, explicit graphics APIs that core WebGPU requires. For simple applications, the only required change is to specify the "compatibility" featureLevel when calling requestAdapter. For more advanced applications, some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the mode's restrictions. Since Compatibility mode is a subset, the resulting applications are also valid WebGPU Core applications and will run even on user agents that do not support Compatibility mode.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebGPU: Texture and Sampler Lets

Add a language feature to WGSL, `texture_and_sampler_let` that adds the ability to store texture and sampler objects into a let declaration in WGSL. 

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebRTC Datachannel: Always negotiate data channels

Implements a WebRTC extension alwaysNegotiateDataChannels which defines a way for the application to negotiate data channels in the SDP offer before creating a datachannel. This also negotiates the data m= section before any audio or video m sections and uses it as the "offerer-tagged m= section" for [BUNDLE].

This means that
  const pc = new RTCPeerConnection({
    alwaysNegotiateDataChannels: true});
  const offer = await pc.createOffer();

will create an offer with an application m-line in the SDP and that

  const pc = new RTCPeerConnection({
    alwaysNegotiateDataChannels: true});
  pc.addTranceiver('audio');
  pc.createDataChannel('somechannel');
  const offer = await pc.createOffer();

will create an offer that negotiates an application m-line follow by an audio m-line in the SDP.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### meta name=&quot;text-scale&quot;

Makes the root element's default font size scale in proportion to both the operating system's and browser's text scale setting. This allows pages that follow best practices around font-relative units (i.e. use rem and em for font sizes and page elements that should change with the user's text size preferences) to respect the user's OS-level text scale setting. This also causes the browser to disable existing browser-based mechanisms (i.e. full-page zoom on windows) and heuristics (i.e. text autosizing on mobile). Now web developers can signal to the browser that the page is constructed in a way (i.e. with rem and em) that will scale well across various user-selected font size preferences. Similar to env(preferred-text-scale), which provides authors with a way to access the text scale; this API extends that by enabling scaling via the root element's default font size and opting-out of automatic text scaling.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### trigger-scope

trigger-scope gives authors the ability to limit the names of animation triggers declared by trigger-instantiating properties.

Trigger-Instantiating properties, such as timeline-trigger, declare names which can be referenced by the animation-trigger property in order to attach animations to triggers. However, these names are global by default (similar to anchor-name) and it is often useful for author to limit the visibility of the names so as to isolate animation-to-trigger interactions.

See also:
* []()


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Deprecated or removed features

**TODO: CHECK THE FEATURES LISTED BELOW AND ADD THEM TO THE SITE-COMPAT-IMPACTING-CHANGES ARTICLE.**





<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Origin trials in Microsoft Edge

The following are origin trials for new experimental APIs that are available in Microsoft Edge.

Origin trials let you try experimental APIs on your own live website for a limited time.  To learn more about origin trials, see [Use origin trials in Microsoft Edge](../../origin-trials/index.md).

For the full list of available origin trials, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Chromium origin trials

Below are active Chromium origin trials which you can try in Microsoft Edge.

For the full list of Chromium origin trials that are available in Microsoft Edge, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/).



<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Digital Credentials API - Issuance Support

Expires on July 14, 2026.

This API enables triggering the issuance of user credentials from a credential issuer server to a digital wallet application. It is available on both Desktop and Android platforms and can be used, for instance, to trigger the provisioning of a new driver&#39;s license or verified academic degree from a government or university server to a user&#39;s digital wallet.

* [Explainer](https://w3c-fedid.github.io/digital-credentials)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/385620718093598721)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAssembly Custom Descriptors

Expires on June 16, 2026.

Allows WebAssembly to store data associated with source-level types more efficiently in new &quot;custom descriptor&quot; objects. 

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/blob/main/proposals/custom-descriptors/Overview.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-descriptors/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/619807898716864513)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### PrerenderUntilScript

Expires on September 8, 2026.

A new action for the Speculation Rules API, prerender_until_script. This action is designed to provide developers with an intermediate option between the existing prefetch and prerender actions.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/nav-speculation/blob/main/prerender-until-script.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/nav-speculation/issues/305)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/881016677104353281)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Enhanced Canvas TextMetrics

Expires on August 11, 2026.

Expand the TextMetrics Canvas API to support selection rectangles, bounding box queries, and glyph cluster-based operations.

This new functionality should enable complex text editing applications with accurate selection, caret positioning, and hit testing.  Additionally, cluster-based rendering facilitates sophisticated text effects such as independent character animations and styling.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/Igalia/explainers/blob/main/canvas-formatted-text/text-metrics-additions.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/Igalia/explainers/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/1646628613757337601)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebNN

Expires on July 14, 2026.

WebNN provides a high-level abstraction over the ML acceleration capabilities provided by the platform. The goal of this experiment is to understand how well real-world models abstract to the operations supported by WebNN and how well WebNN can map these operations to those supported by the hardware of real-world users.

* [Explainer](https://webnn.io/en/learn/get-started/quickstart)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/webnn/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2250110963824984065)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAppInstallation

Expires on July 14, 2026.

Allows websites to imperatively install other websites as web apps, via an install_url and optional manifest_id. 

* [Explainer](https://aka.ms/webinstall)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/issues/new?template=web-install-api.md)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2367204554136616961)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Prompt API

Expires on June 16, 2026.

Prompt API allows interacting with an AI language model using text, image, and audio inputs. It supports various use cases, from generating image captions and performing visual searches to transcribing audio, classifying sound events, generating text following specific instructions, and extracting information or insights from text. It supports structured outputs which ensure that responses adhere to a predefined format, typically expressed as a JSON schema, to enhance response conformance and facilitate seamless integration with downstream applications that require standardized output formats.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/blob/main/README.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/webmachinelearning/prompt-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2533837740349325313)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### WebAudio Configurable Render Quantum

Expires on September 8, 2026.

Makes AudioContext and OfflineAudioContext take an optional renderSizeHint, which allows users to ask for a particular render quantum size.

* [Explainer](https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/#dom-audiocontextoptions-rendersizehint)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WebAudio/web-audio-api/issues)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/2970686904204263425)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### UserMediaElement

Expires on July 14, 2026.

The current web permission model for UserMedia relies on JavaScript-triggered prompts, giving the user agent no strong signal of user intent. This results in out-of-context prompts, user frustration, and difficult-to-recover-from denial states.

We propose the &lt;usermedia&gt; element, a semantic HTML control with browser-controlled content and strict styling constraints. These constraints are fundamental to the security model, ensuring a very high level of confidence in the user&#39;s intent when making a permission decision at both the site and OS level.

Crucially, the &lt;usermedia&gt; element evolves beyond simply managing permissions; it streamlines the entire journey by also directly providing UserMedia stream to the site. This often eliminates the need for separate JavaScript API calls, simplifying implementation and creating a more seamless user flow.

By providing a clear, consistent, in-page control, this element solves significant user problems related to context blindness and &quot;permission regret,&quot; offering a simple recovery path from a previously denied state. The combination of a user-initiated element and a subsequent browser-controlled confirmation UI enhances intent capture, improves accessibility, and prevents manipulative patterns, providing a significantly better experience for both users and developers.

* [Explainer](https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/blob/main/usermedia_element.md)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/issues/62#issuecomment-3210807676)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3736298840857247745)


<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Local Network Access from Non-Secure Contexts

Expires on November 3, 2026.

Temporarily allows for access to resources on local networks to originate from non-secure contexts. This will give developers more time to migrate Local Network Access requests to originate from a secure context. More information on Local Network Access restrictions can be found at https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access. This origin trial can only be enabled through HTTP header provided origin tokens.

* [Explainer](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/local-network-access)
* [Feedback](https://github.com/WICG/local-network-access)
* [Register](https://developer.chrome.com/origintrials/#/register_trial/3826370833404657665)



<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> Portions of this page are modifications based on work created and shared by Chromium.org and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0).
