---
title: Release Notes for WebView2 Release SDK 0.8.270
description: Release notes for Microsoft Edge WebView2 for Win32, WPF, and WinForms, covering new features, APIs, and fixes.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: microsoft-edge
ms.subservice: webview
ms.date: 09/10/2019
---
# Release Notes for WebView2 Release SDK 0.8.270

Release Date: September 10, 2019

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 0.8.270](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/0.8.270)

This version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 78.0.270.0 or higher.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Changes

*  Added `DocumentTitleChanged` event to indicate document title change ([Issue #27](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebViewFeedback/issues/27)).

*  Added `GetWebView2BrowserVersionInfo` API ([Issue #18](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebViewFeedback/issues/18)).

*  Added `NewWindowRequested` event.

*  Updated `CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails` function to remove `releaseChannelPreference`.  For more information about the `CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails` function, see [CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-0.8.355&preserve-view=true#createwebview2environmentwithdetails).  The registry and environment variable override is still supported.  The default channel preference is used unless overridden.

   During the channel search, the WebView2 team skips any previous channel version that isn't compatible with the WebView2 SDK.

   The WebView2 team selects the more stable channel to ensure the most consistent behaviors for the end user.  When you test with the latest Canary build, you should create a script to set the `WEBVIEW2_RELEASE_CHANNEL_PREFERENCE` environment variable to `1` before launching the app.  See [Test upcoming APIs and features](../how-to/set-preview-channel.md).

*  Updated the `CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails` function with logic for selecting `userDataFolder` when not specified.  For more information about the `CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails` function, see [CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-0.8.355&preserve-view=true#createwebview2environmentwithdetails).  If you previously used the default `userDataFolder` location, when you switch to the new SDK the default `userDataFolder` is reset (set to a new location in the host code directory) and your state is also reset.  If the host process doesn't have permission to write to the specified directory, the `CreateWebView2EnvironmentWithDetails` function might fail.  You can copy the data from the old `user data folder` to the new directory.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

* [Release Notes for the WebView2 SDK](./index.md)
* [WebView2 Roadmap](../roadmap.md)
