# struct `WebView2::EB_WEBVIEW_CREATION_PARAMS` {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s}

Parameters that control creation of the [IWebView2WebView](WebView2--IWebView2WebView.md#interface_web_view2_1_1_i_web_view2_web_view).

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public HWND `[`parentWindow`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a2f916d0f90073ccedfc0b63b8dc882ca) | Window in which the WebView should be displayed and from which receive input. The WebView will add a child window to the provided window during WebView creation. Z-order and other things impacted by sibling window order will be affected accordingly.
`public PCWSTR `[`embeddedEdgeSubFolder`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a8e7207a18aa20f23884c64ecdfffe043) | The relative path to the folder that contains the embedded Edge. The embedded Edge can be obtained by copying the version named folder of an installed Edge, like 73.0.52.0 sub folder of an installed 73.0.52.0 Edge. The folder should have msedge.exe, msedge.dll, etc. Use null or empty string for embeddedEdgeSubFolder to create WebView using Edge installed on the machine, in which case the API will try to find the installed Edge for the channel specified in the releaseChannelPreference member first per user install and then per machine install.
`public PCWSTR `[`userDataDir`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1aa164d548ad86c306af5058119f16b98d) | An optional parameter that can be specified to change the default user data folder location for the embedded browser. The path can be an absolute location or a relative location to the executable.
`public PCWSTR `[`additionalBrowserSwitches`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1ab9d4dff5f42b3ce1adc0cb927fb58ba5) | An optional parameter that can be specified to change the behaviour of the WebView. These will be passed to the browser process as part of the command line. See [Run Chromium with Flags](https://aka.ms/RunChromiumWithFlags) for more information about command line switches to browser process. If the app is launched with a command line switch &ndash;edge-webview-switches=xxx the value of that switch (xxx in the above example) will also be appended to the browser process command line. Certain switches like &ndash;user-data-dir are internal and important to WebView. Those switches will be ignored even if specified. If the same switches are specified multiple times, the last one wins. Note that this also applies to switches like &ndash;enable-features. There is no attempt to merge the different values of the same switch. App process's command line &ndash;edge-webview-switches value are processed after additional_switches parameter is processed. Also note that as browser process might be shared among WebViews, the switches is not guaranteed to be applied except for the first WebView that starts the browser process. If parsing failed for the specified switches, they will be ignored.
`public `[`WEBVIEW2_RELEASE_CHANNEL_PREFERENCE`](WebView2.md#namespace_web_view2_1a3b29227a511fb1d92aeee1768d53ef78)` `[`releaseChannelPreference`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a6f62df2afb3dd1c4f1ecd1379aad79c0) | The release channel to use when embeddedEdgeSubFolder is null or empty string. See embeddedEdgeSubFolder for more information.

## Members

#### `public HWND `[`parentWindow`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a2f916d0f90073ccedfc0b63b8dc882ca) {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a2f916d0f90073ccedfc0b63b8dc882ca}

Window in which the WebView should be displayed and from which receive input. The WebView will add a child window to the provided window during WebView creation. Z-order and other things impacted by sibling window order will be affected accordingly.

#### `public PCWSTR `[`embeddedEdgeSubFolder`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a8e7207a18aa20f23884c64ecdfffe043) {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a8e7207a18aa20f23884c64ecdfffe043}

The relative path to the folder that contains the embedded Edge. The embedded Edge can be obtained by copying the version named folder of an installed Edge, like 73.0.52.0 sub folder of an installed 73.0.52.0 Edge. The folder should have msedge.exe, msedge.dll, etc. Use null or empty string for embeddedEdgeSubFolder to create WebView using Edge installed on the machine, in which case the API will try to find the installed Edge for the channel specified in the releaseChannelPreference member first per user install and then per machine install.

#### `public PCWSTR `[`userDataDir`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1aa164d548ad86c306af5058119f16b98d) {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1aa164d548ad86c306af5058119f16b98d}

An optional parameter that can be specified to change the default user data folder location for the embedded browser. The path can be an absolute location or a relative location to the executable.

#### `public PCWSTR `[`additionalBrowserSwitches`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1ab9d4dff5f42b3ce1adc0cb927fb58ba5) {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1ab9d4dff5f42b3ce1adc0cb927fb58ba5}

An optional parameter that can be specified to change the behaviour of the WebView. These will be passed to the browser process as part of the command line. See [Run Chromium with Flags](https://aka.ms/RunChromiumWithFlags) for more information about command line switches to browser process. If the app is launched with a command line switch &ndash;edge-webview-switches=xxx the value of that switch (xxx in the above example) will also be appended to the browser process command line. Certain switches like &ndash;user-data-dir are internal and important to WebView. Those switches will be ignored even if specified. If the same switches are specified multiple times, the last one wins. Note that this also applies to switches like &ndash;enable-features. There is no attempt to merge the different values of the same switch. App process's command line &ndash;edge-webview-switches value are processed after additional_switches parameter is processed. Also note that as browser process might be shared among WebViews, the switches is not guaranteed to be applied except for the first WebView that starts the browser process. If parsing failed for the specified switches, they will be ignored.

#### `public `[`WEBVIEW2_RELEASE_CHANNEL_PREFERENCE`](WebView2.md#namespace_web_view2_1a3b29227a511fb1d92aeee1768d53ef78)` `[`releaseChannelPreference`](#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a6f62df2afb3dd1c4f1ecd1379aad79c0) {#struct_web_view2_1_1_e_b___w_e_b_v_i_e_w___c_r_e_a_t_i_o_n___p_a_r_a_m_s_1a6f62df2afb3dd1c4f1ecd1379aad79c0}

The release channel to use when embeddedEdgeSubFolder is null or empty string. See embeddedEdgeSubFolder for more information.

